i'd have responded, if i were going
sooo sad i will miss you here in san diego!!!
my boss is bullying me...
what interview! leave me alone
sons of ****, why couldn't they put them on the releases we already bought
[URL] - some shameless plugging for the best rangers forum on earth
2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
soooo high
both of you
journey!? wow... u just became cooler.  hehe... (is that possible!?)
as much as i love to be hopeful, i reckon the chances are minimal =p i'm never gonna get my cake and stuff
i really really like the song love story by taylor swift
my sharpie is running dangerously low on ink
i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice.
test test from the lg env2
uh oh, i am sunburned
s'ok, trying to plot alternatives as we speak *sigh*
i've been sick for the past few days  and thus, my hair looks wierd.  if i didnt have a hat on it would look... [URL]
is back home now      gonna miss every one
hes just not that into you
oh marly, i'm so sorry!!  i hope you find her soon!! <3 <3
playing ghost online is really interesting. the new updates are kirin pet and metamorph for third job.  can't wait to have a dragon pet
is cleaning the house for her family who is comming later today..
gotta restart my computer .. i thought win7 was supposed to put an end to the constant rebootiness
see wat i mean bout foll0w friidays... it's called lose f0llowers friday... smh
the free fillin' app on my ipod is fun, im addicted
i'm sorry.
on the way to malaysia...no internet access to twit
juss came backk from berkeleyy ; omg its madd fun out there  havent been out there in a minute . whassqoodd ?
went to sleep and there is a power cut in noida  power back up not working too
i'm going home now. have you seen my new twitter design? quite....heavenly isn'****?
i hope unni will make the audition . fighting dahye unni !
if it is any consolation i got my bmi tested hahaha it says i am obesed  well so much for being unhappy for about 10 minutes.
that's very funny.  cute kids.
ahhh, i slept through the game.  i'm gonna try my best to watch tomorrow though. i hope we play army.
thats it, its the end. tears for fears vs eric prydz, dj hero   [URL]
born and raised in nyc and living in texas for the past 10 years!  i still miss ny
just in case you wonder, we are really busy today and this coming with with adding tons of new blogs and updates stay tuned
i'm soooooo sleeeeepy!!! the last day o' school was today....sniffle....
a little happy for the wine jeje ok it'sm my free time so who cares, jaja i love this day
car not happy, big big dent in boot! hoping theyre not going to write it off, crossing fingers and waiting
im an avid fan of **** magazine and i love your magazines
mayday?!
ratt rocked nashville tonite..one thing sucked, no encore!  like in the 80's they still have a fun show. pearcy has that hott bad boy look
i love to! but i'm only available from 5pm.  and where dear? would love to help  convert her vids.ï¿½
the girl in the hair salon asked me 'shall i trim your eyebrows!' how old do i feel?
egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  hangovers suckkkkkk im a drunk mess!
:visiting my friendster and facebook
i donbt like to peel prawns, i also dont like going shopping, running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more
which case? i got a new one last week and i'm not thrilled at all with mine.
then you should check out [URL] and connect with other tweeple who hate twitter
also bored at school, its my third freelesson( freistunde )
hm... both of us i guess...
it is ****...u have dissappointed me that past few days
romance zero is funny
i'd rather do the early run..but i am a morning runner
bah a coworker ran into work late and her bag smacked into my knee  it really hurts now
will be back later.  [URL]
aw. torn ace of hearts  #hunchback
what fun are you speaking of?
i lost all my friends, i'm alone and sleepy..i wanna go home
haha yes
i give in to easily
what better way to spoil mum than to let her kick back and relax over a nice meal and a bottle of her favorite wine? our wine was a red
mannnn..... _ got an iphone!!! im jealous....  [URL]
is at a photoshoot.
he's awesome... have you worked with him before? he's a good friend.
yay playing a show tonight! boo it's gonna soggy and i'm at work right before playing
chilliin
if you know such agent, do let me know
i still smell of smoke  #kitchenfire
a celtics-lakers rematch sounds better don't you think? lol
anyone have an extra keane ticket? i promise to buy you a drink and take rad pics for your fb / blog / flickr., etc
'you can ride one, you can catch one, but its not summer til you pop open one'  ?
she is good! so gor-juz yea i kno i asked her yesterday when we were at tha hospital if she talked to u and she said no
ok - i'm out of here for now. just popped in to say hi and check on things. i'll probably head to the guttah later on tonight
wow, i am really missin the fam(ily) today. baddd.
my sources say no
i am sooo tired
hey, you change your twitter account, and you didn't even tell me...
thank yyyyyyyyyoooooooooouuuuu!
lucky kid...i so wanna see loserville  pity im in oz....
fell asleep waiting for my ride!
sick. with a flu like thing.
still no reply from  about my simfinger problem  so no irape parody video until i get a response, sorry guys
happy star wars day everyone! and enjoy the holiday (uk)
miles from you   i'm in essex so give me plenty of warning so i can arrive in time to get at least one of those free beers.
his snoring is so annoying n it keeps me from sleeping (like right now, lol) but i honestly wud miss it if it eva left  i love him.
i miss you bby      wish you were going tomorrow to make me do good.
well what im working on isn't quite ready to post about publicly (still beta testing) but its a cool new script i coded
sweeeeet - san fran is awesome!!!!  love it there
_mounce yes and it lasts way past my bedtime!
hi  how are you doing ???  *just joined twitter...*
waiting for sleeping pills to kick in... gonna be so tired at work tomorrow
eating ice cream and then getting ready for graduation.
happy mothers day to all you mums out there
casey's gone?!?! but why?! so, she piddled a little on the carpet. she's prolly freaked cause it's new. can we get her back?
hemp cloth is marvelous but unfortunately no
gonna read a story bout adam lambert online then bed. nighty night
we saw that in none 3d - the baddie's the best
4am. and im on the beach. pretty
certainly not cheers than, huh?
1 week post my'horrible, traumatic jumping cholla accident.'-cholla's next dirty trick:pieces are starting to emerge from my hand! ouch!
i realy wanted to go out cause its so nice but everybodys busy
awesome.  i'm down in ocean beach (if you know where that is.) by the way. 'yourbiggestfan' i'm a re-al big fan of you-rs.
at least i get to watch over time  let's go pens!!
cool i wear black most of the time when i go out
haha i do not know how to work blip apart from the obvious! thanks for reblipping my song  have a nice day ****
have a safe trip joshy poo.......you'll knock them dead at your speech
woof, i wish i was allowed to go
if u have a friendster add me!!!!!!!!!        my email adress      add me  loco_crime_1st.com        add me leave some comment
has tickets.......?
thank you, afrin nasal spray! also, i got a giant teacup tonight!
acsm. it's unfathomable.  i think the other one .. and the .. is one that should be kept to the comfort of our bedrooms. yes?
aww, i love my daddy! he works 7 days a week almost all day and still tries to go to sf with all of us
so many tests todayyy  i don't feel confident about anyy.
graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
hahaa your awesomee !
holy smokes! star trek was freaking awesomeeeee
i hate fallout 3 it keeps making me jump, i'm also low on health, money, ammo and food  don't worry i'll get through it.
i had it! on my itunes, but then i lost all my songs.
what's with the gloomy weather? the sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
not looking forward to next week: maths, geography, english and french exams, totalling 7 hours
poor you  get outside and sleep in the garden, the sun will do you good. but don't forget suncream!!!
not well
not a prob hun
at dads, watching some mtv and am going on sims2 in a minutee
absolutely
what's the matter chickadee?
hey mia!  totally adore your music.  when will your cd be out?
shopping. cleaning. bmfing. webcam chatting with nephews. nothing spesh, but a good bank holiday monday nonetheless
=o you need to ask him something? lmao i love him too
those splinters look very painful...but you were being very heroic saving mr. pickle
why are you sad?
nice to see you tweeting!  it's sunday 10th may and we're celebrating mother's day here today. so be nice to yer mom
decided 2 trans frm relaxed 2 natural hair but i wish my whole head looked like my roots.  age of the instant gratification....
namaskar & namaste r both the same. marathi people say namaskar! its a marathi word.... should i ? ...naaaah !
congrats!  i cuss like that in a matter of minutes, but didn't know until now there is a reward for it.
humous and dorito's.... oh yes
missed all the awesome weather, because she was in a movie!
today is going to be a normal day for i hope. we had a group of pilots from a large airline come in last night so it was too much drink
these kids are terrible! if i was in good evans, i'd call childline
unfortunatley, aerlingus no longer fly to copenhagen so we're have to fly ryanair to billund and drive up to copenhagen one of the days!
what's sad is that i actually had to google that term. that sucks, tho.
hate fighting
i watched that too!!! i didnt want her to win, but she put up a good fight..lol
car-warmed sprite tastes like sore throat
just came 11th in cross country and beat dumbo
candle wax is very enjoyable.
she's unassuming and unpretentious. she's just, as. i suppose that's why she's so endearing--because we can relate to her
tomorrow valeria's lunch!!! going to get my hair done but im arraving late   got my cousins babtizm or whatever you spell it
goooooddd morning tweets!!  week three of my workout. did i mention i got my new glasses yesterday?!?
me too. i hate my computer so much..
fine! going to do my big walk today 20 or so miles
i want red cruisers!!  i don't like the other ones. lmfao!
mmmmmmmm... ? it in the morning
me neither
has about 10 hours work to do, on a sunday. boo. i will find time for a two hour lunchbreak though. yeah
bugger. forgot i still have washing in my machine
_laurie sending love, blessings & healing thoughts to you & family  peace
my back hurts...really bad
ah yes, i know that feeling
night of the cookers with my dad
my modem has been offline for a week now... god bless the 3g network. tim just left... again!! may schedule has been brutal
nope i am in coquitlam
had parent teacher thing yesterday!! so boring going to skl on saturday!!  lol
#lichfield #tweetup sounds like fun  hope to see you and everyone else there!
big booming thunder storm almost here.  maybe we can all go home early???  ah... probably not.
few bevvies 2day in twn..great on a day off!!
first night in myers. just not the same w/out lydia!  but i'm actually excited about this summer!
good morning
its the best show ever!
url in previous post (to timer job) should be [URL] i'd removed space which messed up url.  ^es
i think iv hurt my tooth  and eilish and cassie are having a drawing competiton to draw cookies and pineapples haha :l .
i want to know when the auditions are mander! text or...reply please!
or even nooooo not the secret namerebecca please
i miss my neice  can't wait to see her bad n grown ****! lol
i need to get my computer fixed
really hopes her car's illness is not terminal...
all the cool people i want to find for following today are #english, and i guess the english don't tweet.
no sir...i woulda put honey...but i don't have any
who watched x-men origins: wolverine? i totally loved it! haha
i voted!!! do u have a personal myspace? i keep talking to fakes   i <3 you. u helped me thru the hrdest time of my life! (: x
i'm sad that i missed you guys last night!
finally got a call for marriage counseling 3 days late....
ok then
_420 why baby?
today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick! ... stupid dead rats
we're having an impromptu pool party... except i don't know how to swim so i can't get in
lost my tooth 2day whilst i was eating gum...oww
happy 1 year! <3
oh, i hella forgot to say my official good morning  like to hear it? here it go! goooooooooooood morrrrrrrrning twitterville! lol
*phew*  will make a note in case anyone else runs into the same issueï¿½
what about me ??  i vote every day for you !!!!!
i'm starving!! this diet is killing me but i can't eat after 8pm
i talk to you
im soo bored...im deffo missing my music channels
nite nite bday girl  have fun at concert
had nicotine replacement patch on for 4 hours. so far, so good, but i did sleep for most of those 4 hours. getting a bit twitchy now
_sanderson what's with twatter lately?  either i can't get on or the replies don't turn up!
should be sleeping.  lost my voice a couple day ago.
[URL] -  hate when my parked car gets hit
i've heard this fall. i'm waiting too!
more nightmares?  *huggles*
i am such a creeper  i feel disappointed because of it. **** my cyberstalking skills   the internet = no more privacy.
going to bed its late and i have headache
happy mother's day to all moms out there...
grabbing coffee from  then making mom breakfast
im thinking that im going to have fun tonight....and maybe some changes are coming
thanks. before the major chop.
haha i know, i cant handle the fame!  and thank you!
just got up and updated my ipod
yes! sober hahaha tanghaling tapat dude! haha wild. i don't knowwww  plan plan  before you go to us!
we never miss icarly - my son has a huge crush on miranda
saw james carville in the store today. his head is really that bald
yellow for   ? [URL]
which means you're just going to have to come back to vancouver and have it our way! hahah
feeling smooth like chrome
ew traffic
downloading songs while trying to sneak a lil homework in too, which should be my main priority not songs lol
@_ra_ra_ your not alone...i need coffee too.
sounds like me
bad day  the day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life...
walking to class. i hate not having a bike....especially mine.
_nesmith
failed inspection. did you know you can pass wo/oven, but not wo/anti-tip bracket, which is only sold w/oven? this is worse than taxes.
jonas brothers - live to party.                it's rocking so hard     i love the song,
happy mother's day to all the mothers in the world.
35mins through the 1hr 20mins google wave demo, that looks a lot of fun, would love to test it though.  [URL]
sleepy tabz is heading to bed.  fun night! listened through the next episode of joss'd!
the exception for a short dude: larenz fineass tate yum
screw the reviews, i thought wolverine was awesome. but not enough dominic monaghan for my liking.
if you followed us recently, please dont be offended that we haven't followed back. we hit our limit.   hopefully we will be free soon.
yes i work 6 to 3...
hmmm, maybe that's what they meant. they eluded to something brand new but you know how the media is
done at the spa   now meeting vic for some late lunch!
happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. hope everyone has a blessed day!
always have wanted to go to oz
thx
[URL] - cool... luv it
that's why i need to be there...to represent the blackberries
okay so i'm dedicating my 300th tweet to the fact that i'm going to the apple store because there is a huge crack on the glass screen!
if only we could ever actually be allowed to stay here and do that
let me know how that turns out!!
was that sass i detect?  as long as it isn't back sass! haha
yeah i was thinking about that ,ahaha
sports bar shatranjanpoli rest ph 26498457 all sports bar andheri w 26733333 dont know whether that helps. google ki jai ho
i'm not sleeping at all until  accepts my appology
wolverine was boss! seriously, and will.i.am was in it, what the **** ??
i live for pain, bring it on
okay, i'm out for a while  back later!
#powerblog what is this powerblog challenge you keep talking about?  i'm a newbie follower
almost died. laptop screen was set to 100% brightness after i reinstalled windows vista. got a headache now  #insanedefaults
waiting for tish to get off. got to drive my moms crv to pick her up all my myself and duckie. first time
trying to decide on a movie with the friends.. not going to well! lol :p  no bible study 2nite, which means ****-day cake  buy my own??
going to shower because i don't want to smell at school tomorrow
sigh... you know i am...
discovered cause of a bug in the new #netplayer 4 build. publishing bug fix now, hopefully new beta by tomorrow
here are 4 free twitter tools will get you followers  [URL] [URL] [URL] [URL]
just got home from work.... and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice.
yes it does. please dont' go. if you die i will cry.. which normally leads to small animals getting harmed
writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
it was only once for my big brother...and i'm done now
good news: finally finished my #easactive workout that has been paused for 6 hours. bad news: my resistance band is torn
well good morning all, what a wonderful day in the neighborhood  thanks for all those that are now following another 60 this morning
ftsk and mercy mercedes were amazing tonight.. as always
hope he is ok!
can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day
i waited, listening to wind blowing through the tumbleweed? are none of you old enough to know what to do when someone says 'crackerack'?
hell yeah!
him shirt at dinner? do you need to ask??  does it actually have ville on it?
i know!!
huh what the ****? smelly? noooo. i love alex vixon
went to a party last night. dindin and i showed up in matching outfits ) great minds think alike ) anyway, happy birthday, ate lara
happy b-day! just woke up on this side of earth, so wishes are bit late
thank you for teaching me values and to be a better person each day  i love so much, you're the best mum in the world
happy mothers day.!
*laughs* i'm glad that you have self confidence - it's a wonderful trait to have  i'll applaud extra loud for it, okay?
thanks
twittering after 2 days!
getting ready for week  its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
i am tres depressed
felt like ****, behaved like my son; ate to compensate. pigged out on home-roasted sugar almonds. painful tum, threw up, still feel sick.
happy mothers day people. i love my mom a lot still
i'm sorry to hear that.
that's awesome dude, yay for surprise celebrities!  i got to meet him a few years ago, he was soooo friendly.
it makes me happy to hear a girl talk, or tweet, about the nba. but... could you give my nuggets some love?!
is getting the hang of twitter.
you know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can't turn you head to parallel park in the free spaces...
i want it back now!: [URL]
going to miss my roomie ... we will no longer be roomies starting tomorrow
bathing with two little angels, keyla and janice.
yep, finished, chocked full of spelling and grammatical errors, but i'm cleaning it up tomorrow and popping it up  hehe
hahahha lol true that! i always remember my bd but i can never remember what date or even day it is
family is here,hanging with them
watching ellen love her!! then doing the dishes  and tanning ...it's gorgeous out!
what's goin on hun?  i'm worried about you
im not bannished... but i am at work till 6
morning! if i get to see it, i'll let you know. right now, i'm going to go see wolverine.
red top tabloids, build em up, knock em down
tonight in party w/ my girls (minus vita)
why not now you made me sad i thought you'd be jumping for joy
simple my a#@
the pics i just uploaded are the baby pics of my cats. missy is now an adult and a pretty little kitty, but batty is in kitten heaven now
i saw the play of it here, it was amazing
_ i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two.
dinner with the fam... i have missed them
_live that's what i want. more the better. bound to be a few bad eggs though, but they will soon learn.
hell yeah kellynn got a twitter. finally.
i know   it was worth a shot, though!
just opened a facebook account, i'm a little confused i don't really get it. twitter seems much better
ship. i'm stuck.
dustbin baby on at 11.30 cannot wait  x
not going to dwell on it. it happened, it's passed. just a shame as he was so supportive! such is life!  x
it looks like the office tv does get mlb network... and it looks like mlbn will not be televising the det/bal game today  #wieters
home empty handed.  no comics found today.  i shall now indulge in my cupcakes from magnolia bakery.
laying in bed til workkk... oh the life. definitely pinched a nerve.
today is a busy day. exhausting!
i was going to go on sunday, but now i've got too much going on that weekend
sorry to hear ur flight got cancelled  that blows!!!
ohh my tooth is hurts ohh  im sad it very hurts
before i get too distracted, i'd like to thank my new followers for taking the trouble to follow me! and to my others: feelin the love
u think u have bills ha!ii just finished paying mine that's y i'm broke
not sure it didn't say it was 2 big. i jst saw the pics of u on ur last bday. you looked so pretty!! i miss you!!
sore throat. planning the tet outing to marwell though...good times
mcfly gig last nightt omg it was amazin didnt sit down through the whole thing  mcfly did you see me and ma best mate we were in tutus
2 days without sleep and now a migraine. i thought life postr01 was meant to be relaxing
there!
?sucks!?..
whens the sway sway winner announced?
k will check it out...
doing pretty well, up and wide awake
i want to wake up early, and get a coffee tomorrow (today) !  it's going to be a busyy day! but have to keep writing.. booo whoo!
i miss daddy and mommy
my dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. he doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly.
i just realized that i can't forward text msgs with my iphone.
my frist post... off to find a new car for my parents, exciting!
argh noo! missed the killers on wossy!  that sucks! missed out on brandon. total failure! anyone know if it's repeated? must investigate!
seriously bored without anyone to talk to... but not tired enough for sleep
i am lost. please help me find a good home.
it's a peter & gordon morning  -> and i, go to pieces and i wanna hide / go to pieces and i almost die / ever... ? [URL]
ok so i've now got a bit of a bad back after lifting all drum hardware into my car   downer.
lmao... smh!  that one threw me off.
oh nice going!
is getting ready for work... working all weekend
gonna celebrate mothers day with the family but gonna start the partying tonite
i agree with you!
i only do computers. am hopeless at everything else
90 degrees, gross skies, and thunderstorms...perfect match for my mood  lol
_2nd aww thanks!
sorry rb is on ps3 for me
i saw amazing heeels. but they were too big
i just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue & throat.
dang last url went down  ? [URL]
ohoh i missed all ur tweets  im gonna have to stay awake all night to see the announcement now, **** time difference
damnit all. that sucks.  you were one of the ones i thought i'd drag back lol
my boss. she's moving to nyc
this is sooo crazy i have fever..
is spending her saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid **** recalled the book i'm using. not fair
i think i need some new friends
looking forward to your gig in ireland!!!  see ya there!
please review sunehre ad placement  [URL]
aww  you loooove me
is hungry, twitter.  i want food. </3
awesome lucky you
yea, i should know.. but tell me everything!  ps: send me direct messages telling..   haha
haha im jewish, i love that one
had a great time out in the beer garden wit the boyos !! i think the sun got to me a bit though, feel a bit ill !!
l'm on 3 days too matt. no fun this weekend.
u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u
i feel your pain. mine is the same way
comes home in two days
sadly no. it didn't come with one...
cant wait to see my boy tomorrow
ehhh no. just a check up. i have a dentist app next week though. getting my molar pulled/root canal.
aww i miss driving down elmwood
omg wango tango was **** awsome! i love my baby for taking me
version 2 of our live, interactive trans-siberian ticket planner is launched: [URL] - its very cool
_30439 i really wish i could go!
yeah real hard, but i know you'll get by with it... smile
i'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure
this has made my night!!  way too funny!!
woo cavs.  happy mother's day!
i make that same face when i get home and your mom is watching soaps.
i have to go to work now.
i can't believe you went and got boba without me.
and to you too, how are you today?
thanks for the warm welcome! we didn't make plans   because our arrival time was so up in the air.
19 days and counting
sorry  friends - i'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! no charades for me.
brainfreeze
just discovered a shortcoming of gravity. when you use twitpic (integrated) it doesn't subtract the pic url from the 140 character limit
my sunburn is peeling,
perky purple nail polish isn't as perky when its chipped
[URL] - before they put a camera in the smokers pit.  i can no longer vandalize that door, without being caught.
laying alone!! since mook's soo comfy in his f'n play pen. i thought it was ill at first now i don't have no one to cuddle with...
i hate the dentist
nothing aimed at you, just joining in...sorry
i'm taking a twitter break. cell is dying
qood morninq
writing my english original writing storyyyyy. and listening to 'a little respect' by erasure  aaaaaah.
needs more followers
i wish i could get my nails done  stupid job
the little wormy from labyrinth sadly passed away today but its ok as hes still around in a happy ghost form aww  [URL]
the 'no pants' idea could be the new attempt world-wide to attract business back to the airlines.
have a good one
yep infact she is popular, miss india 99, talented film actress .... and lot more
dosen't want to go to work tomorrow
daniel has won dsds. his voice is great.
[-o] i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it tho.. [URL]
was hoping to go to red lobster this weekend
_x_atl u mean jack barakat's?! wow so have u ever gone to his house? hehe i mean ur ssoo lucky to have the address!
i sure do hope it becomes 4:20 this afternoon ...
it means that you are now famous. congrats!
my phone passed away yesterday.. he jumped off the table  searching for a new phone...
i have such fantastic friends, including several ones met through here! thanks for being in my life - you are such amazing people!
tamlyn wishes she was as cool as my sock draw
so no rice or crusty bread with the chili .... aawww
we are of like minds this evening , my dear!
come and save me from my packing please?!
yes, i love tea. if that makes me typically english then so be it
a mouth for sure
_dec0de i finally just have 1 hour of history... at 3.00 pm! but i went to my highschool at 8.00 am to make some homework with a friend
pancakes!! with lemon and sugar thanks!
si, no bueno  i guess i just don't entertain him :/
i'm so hunrgy right now and these heels kill me i can hardly walk in them
both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology
yay, three followers! good to know more than one person in this big wide world likes fishies.
'my name is tony!!!!!! ...not hey!!!!' -  poor tony
goodmorning
took a shift tomorrow.    i don't really feel like working right now.
i love mine, too . happy motherï¿½s day to your mom , john taylor  . much love to you, too .
saw a black snake in the garden.  went back for a picture and it was gone
[URL] - we bought ludi her own rug. dogs are the best
no waterfront anymore   faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
loves her mum very much! happy mothers day to all the wonderful mothers out there
slipped up and caught the flu  feeling like poop!
i have an urge to play wow but i have to wait 2 weeks til im at my dads! 5+47days til mcfly, im so excited  (l)
ok ... the passengers ... no one is alive ... they're all dead ... you just don't know it til the end ... then you cry ...
discovered  and  are sharing on g reader with me and didn't even know it. sigh.... i'm such a g reader newb.
is chilled out tonite, so cannot spew venom or write funny. seems like these are the only 2 styles she has
if u do, please pray 4 me.  lord knows i need it.
aaaaaw i want to live in the usa
morning tweeple
hey, i didn't get any !!!
now you only have 2 hours to sleep...  - rest if you need it.
that makes my day so much better, it's been a rough one. did i mention i love the new photo!
i don't want to sit at home on prom night. someone hang out with me
is heading home from foot surgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with
concert tonight  chackin out and not coming tomorrow!
what happened? i thought you were coming back today....
lol dammit  well then next time then
lol. just don't ever forget me
still jealous
[URL] - me at forever 21  ethan couldn't be there
now im sad but im not giving in first..i didnt do nothing!!!!    :**-(
this week of mine was not easy!  but finally it's over! (:
wow what a beautiful picture... and by the way....i am straight....just wanted to let you know!!!     bella
in arch. drawing. checking out mvcc's cad degree. looks good to me
'there are people and then there are pencils' some are sharp, some are not and some can be sharpened  my pencil philosophy.....
just about to go home. i'm usually 'mr. positive' but this has been one of those daze. well, 15 mins until tomorrow!
but you always have lee. let's go to paris
you know you want to come keep me company whilst mum's at her friends for the night  it's such a nice evening!
cooking with my dad  having lots of fun in the kitchen together
bouncing rush makes me feel nauseous
off to woolsery this morning to (hopefully) see north molton u16 clinch the north devon league title. lovely day for it
playing singstar without my fave duetter
you're missing out, bb! i'm such a cereal nut, i think i like every kind available.
that's just weird... :\  oh, and what was it you were drawing for me?
just woke up :o mums singing to her new gn'r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter
the birds are out,, oh man... that's not cool && i didn't sleep yet for the night!!!
250 miles down, only 1750 to go. thats ok, u2 on the radio alwas helps.
my street fighter iv skills are lacking, can't beat seth on easy.
fil 461 with cool people like me
good morning!!! work and then it's espn's sunday night baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out
i think it's under a honeymoon by the good life -- either that or it's under a honey moon by joseph arthur.
my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen.
it was hours ago i came in.... and it's only now i realised when i went to buy something online
oh just referring to our lil exchange on lj with regards to twitter archive postings.
bumping dj opus in the drunk in the car.  lmao. don't act like u don't know.
why kiss the feet of the people who kick you when you can be anything that you want to?  morning everyone! hope you have the best day ever
here's a brief preview: [URL]   omg james is creepy in that role! i'm scared of him
i'm missing crab legs and attending my going away instead!
hicks are mean!
gettn ready to take a trip to jersey my dad's not doing so good, he needs a new heart~whoeva see's this please say a prayer for my dad
back soon, need to run to the shops and cut the grass
i'm up. i have a plan to transform my bedroom today. random.
home until tomorrow. did my running and spinning. now time for chiropractor, laundry, shopping, and visiting family. missing nathan
thats another sponsor
and most of us are going to be stuck in an office, some without windows
no it's not sad. should make you proud
sorry, we'll try to keep it down.
is home alone.. doing hw
according to , a quarter of families under six live in poverty.
the plan to not spend money is not going well
uploading all my bamboozle pictures of facebook
congratulations ! you guys finish a month early than we do. booo
actually, i wish i was back in tahoe.  i miss it there.
woke up,i wanna stay in my bed
but my bday is june 19.. this is wack... and ihavent seen any promotions for my bday party  someone better finagle this asap!
it would be great if those vips were for some acts i'd enjoy seeing, but noooo.
_marie wish i could make it too!!! i hate my commute sometimes
workin a long day today... hopefully i can make some good tips
but it all went too quick and there wasn't a chance lol
hates headaches! maybe i'm not ready to rock
thanks for the support
there's really no android twitter app of tweetie's calibre
had a good day driving up mountains, visiting katie, eating chips & fudge and stocking up on lovely smelling soaps
nyappy mother's day to your mom's.
yeah.... and im gonna take ur picture off my ipod baby..
traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun...
lol same here....wish there was a way to microsize everything...lol
'organization ...itil, forget about people (and so they fail)' preaching to the converted  it is the people [URL]
_libertine um, glad you enjoyed it...
about to have dinner and then an evening of playing cards. already packed and ready to head home tomorrow   do we have to go home?
im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!
he says he feels mama tucking him in at night  he's lonely but getting by. tomorrow will be tough!
i miss her alot and its only been one day
sounds like you all had a great night . i'm glad it was successful
thanks for sharing that
you should say mlia instead of fml  i hope you find it soon
garden going well, almost all the corn and peas are up, no onions or beets up yet though.
nah jkin he's hot! so... bored now
ahhh i'm sqeaky clean and fresh. even though i'm wearing dirty clothes  i love two and a half men - it's amazing!
yes i have read them many times.
cuz you play a grown up on twitter?
i am living in ignorance  :@
nope... it is telling you that you want cameo creams
awwww  we're gonna miss you!
we quite like worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air.. and not too many oiks
_terrible haha, that was new  the fact that he couldn't do it should have cost his part. what kind of spock is that!
today was a lovely day! i had fun with  and  this evening!
beto's pizzeria is on banksville rd in i believe the beachview area... sorry to answer like 100 years later
sigh, my sisters bein strange.. she came all the way from copenhagen to london, and now her phones turned off.. i wanna see her dammit
it was amazing
@ barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. i need my google. going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. smh
i'm sick and sad .... missing out on martini lounge tonight
seems really quiet tonight...am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   off to bed i think...
really wishes he had some spare cash to buy the new punch out for wii
aw, not going to toronto anymore.
so sorry to hear about your mom! that really sucks
i feel for you  i hope it's a smooth flight. be safe! mucho amor from boston!
can't sleep...so i'm watching hgtv. i'm afraid infomercials are about to take over
i'm getting me & my family ready for kaylee's graduation! it's gonna make me so sad.
sweet dreams
hay wats ur aim? we should chat
. okay kool... i might be touring all summer long but we can make it happen!
in pain. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it?
time to watch op, then some dead like me, then sleep.
having dinner with my grandma since i couldn't be with my mum.
haha thanks  its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol
yea so wassup
stupid jobs, idk what to do.
shopped til i dropped....come bac sunshine i miss u
like your pics, lucky girl, again
thank you   i've had anxiety issues for years so i think if i can make it through the first couple of days then i will be fine.
around 3 hours left until a 3 day weekend and i have waaaay too much work to do.
feeling loved!  my mom got me a nikon cool pix for my birthday!!!!
there were attempts to somehow extend inner classes, which would be close to #closure, can't find the ref atm
yes! join us! all we require is a cupcake donation...
i have such a hard time talking to new people -  i am pretty sure i didn't make a good impression.....
_rc234 haha  yup. but still have a terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!
can't access your site!
and the sun is shinning.........at last
we are on the slowest train ever, it stops everywhere. missed a quick train by a few minutes
nup no cd either.. just a whole bunch of zeros and ones you can have for free
my graduation day... and i feel like a failure...
ops   that lol wasnt supposed to got to twitter
i don't think i've ever been so tierd in my life.ugh,goodnight.so sleeping in tomorrow
what are u going to do today my girl?
why doesnt he want me anymore
bad hair day
.....headache
sorry guys i didn't sign in for a while  sorry every1
i am just 'okay-okay' .. like the rest of the sane population in the world, i hate mondays
mozart's requiem!
i think i am a bit, in love with his creations and wit but not that physically attracted to him although he has great style
_a_michael hey! thanks for another great day! i'm going to sleep now! i'll chat with you tomorrow!  sweet dreams!
i bet its cool down in sr, huh? it's not here. i haven't stopped sweating since noon when dad and i were packing
ohshnapsss. is she pissed at blair as usual ? hahah. & yeeeah, i bake cookies
no bueno.  hollykins needs to feel better asap.  p.s. i miss you.  you done with uni soon aren't you?  soproudofyou.
[URL] - cool! you and your mother have awesome hair styles,! wish her a happy mother's day!
happy mother's day mothers.
<---my expression watching this again: [URL]
stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off
i didn't want to tell you but i think it's your body odour
nice beta for easports still no news on the online for madden
thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date
i missed your calls
unfortunately for us it looks like there are no funny people on twitter  should we move to fb or start our own...flitter
just came back from karaoke & eating dinner with emily. it was sooooo much fun
discrimination is not a bad thing. i've learned to say no. my children would say i mastered that years ago
sure i can talk....the fabulous **** part though is out  sorry dear
did you see the 15 sec clip of the new moon trailer?? its up on etonline.com ...check it out. its a big tease, though
just got back from working out. i'm feeling pretty good. work at 4:30
ahhh my satz blend didn't save
so!!! why should that matter? i bet you would be great at it! i do!!! it's what you love, right? why not go for it!
dh is just about finished making his giant trio candy bar. thank the heavens. his work mates are in for a treat tomorrow!
my ear are popping.
working on diffusing that irritation but this traffic sure isn't helping  mother f! it's always real bad the days th@ i help plan stuff
i submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back. oh well...
catching up on 2 weeks of lost and grey's!!    house is quiet again.
i love when ryans a housewife. makes me smile.
sooo.....i'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
boo... i was hoping for a fake alien story with a tinfoil covered beachball photo
hey phillll! wazzuppppp?!
missed out on westcott micro apollo too
.. .great.. you can buy me lunch when i get my 10-15% pay cut next month..
finally gone to the beach, yeaaaah!
_ranjan did i ever mention what a nice and awesome dude you are?
last weekday of doing nothing, school starts next week!!!
hello gorgeous girl! nice new pic!  how are you today
ok that **** duet was hysterical lol
ok, i have to turn off all of my twitter device updates until i get a new battery. phone goes from fully charged to dead in about 5 hours
michelle is a hot mama with chichis grande
either way, you always tend to make my #followfriday list, sweetie - you do rock that much
no one i know likes boiled peanuts t.
watched 100th episode of numb3rs. loved how they did a throwback to the first episode, using the sprinkler theory
i'm sleepy but is feeling under the weather! ugh! these **** tonsils. i need some company or somebody to talk too!
please get a cell phone with a better camera on it... your pictures are real bad quality compared to those that miley took
_ichigo she tried to carry on aswell, bless, i suppose maybe that's why kids shouldn't be in it?
booziest weekend in a long time, good fun though!
counting the hours of lost sunshine until the weekend
planning! and trying to call the doctor, though that isn't going so well. so mostly, planning
hoooray!  i'm hooked already
ok then have a good day
i agree. everybody would've been excited and then it goes... ohhhh nooooo..... ms screws up again..
edge left me off the contributors list in this month's issue.  x ffs. <- werd
ooo growl and yummy time coming soon for you too huh oh yeah, i have been hunting for a combo tshirt, think i can find one?  no
im back to this z-index problem...again
is anyone out there??  so bored at work...
am hating my life at the moment. there's only so many nos my delicate little mind can take
www.myspace.com/fashionisthenextcity  check out and started new tee's  limited edition in different ways !! check facebook group too
'they' being the husband or the girl?
thinking of what i should do in vegas??? any good ideas or places that are a most see!??
first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
hi to one kiwi artist from another kiwi artist
says happy mother's day to all moms out there  [URL]
oooo ok   why  havent you accepted my friends request
sorry to tweet about bgt but poor wonderful crazy weird greg  so not fair. the silly little girl is never going to cope. urgh. not fair.
no
_michele thanks for that...am now following them...love good causes
not available in my area  i would too
its friday! only 5 more hours until i'm free!.....until tomorrow.  oh well
meeting just in time that iï¿½m trying to win something  prize's friday!
waiting for 5:00 & having cramps
philosophy final today! thank you  it's 3 days now!!!!
's plans didn't go as followed, but its ok
_what_ did you do?  let me guess... you skipped sports and bought a new pinkish outfit?
where is the rain please come out
my pleasure
1st presentation for senior boards? fml
lol i know but it was just so funny, ahaha
wide awake and grouchy as ****.
just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery.
i don't have the app that does it
lol hi emmy, latin would help me study for the aptitude tests to get into grad school ;\ thats why i wanna take it
out for supper tonight with kurumi in 10 minutes
_kap but i think it's cute.  do this every night okay?
is happy...skool just let out..! today was my last day..! yippee! r.i.p jackson tyler morris..! always loved and never forgotten..!
hi mariah
_yours13 i'm not at home with my cats right now!
wheres the music mannnn!!?? my inbox is still empty
what am i doing atm? [URL] oh yeah. apple juice  i'm such a rebel!
...i'm sorry about you are still sick  u know most of them, and i know that u will guess the 'pelzer present' ;-)
nice one !
exam 1 today. going to get my license renewed  the birthday is getting closer!
gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts. i'm gonna win them over with my love!!
thinks its gonna rain
aah. well, have a few friends over there. just wondering if all's great and weather's been good...
yrbook signing w/ evryone was fun, i'm gna miss evrything
i lost my artistic abilities
so not close enough that i could run out and get one
that was stone cold   crazy....  ?
totally having austin powers withdrawl symptons and darrius withdrawl symptoms and mommy and minne withdrawl syamptoms.
_xo they were so pretty and took like an hour to do  can i do ursssss!
senior's last day.
crisis: forgot my fringe comb  i'm with men....no one will help me
already got my ticket; thanks for making sure though!
thanks to all my new followers!
- we're getting closer rather than further from real lobby dates - chicago, blogher09 - squee!!!
has lost his vocie and adele is laughing at me lol and still wondering why i'm in college on me week off
_kill_boy oh sorry! not getting all my replies  nothing against you. and yes, i do know nirvana
busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...yea! the weekend! pray for my uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!!
didn't get bitten by a rabies infested person last night  yay for me! gonna scare rachel with quarantine tonight, this shall be fun
_ nooo  no roo crying. but omg i wanted to slap her. she was singing fine then from out of nowhere- boohooooooooooo
watching the simpsons
good morning! - court - crossfit - bible study - someone very special's house  [URL]
have a great time in london
has work very, very soon. way too soon!
phaket.  what did anneliese want to do?
in the emergency room with my cousin. she's got mad flu and can't walk or breathe.  why are hospitals always so cold?
thanks for the greeting
i'm hungry  wife is at a bodyshop party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
[URL] - such a pretty baby!
invite them to your house instead
i'm a bit ben's thai-ed out
#stackeoverflow  [URL]
jungle book 2 is sooooo cute.. i have nothing to eat or drink
dead stopped in the express lane. this would happen when i choose to take it. no way out now. ugh. hopefully this gets moving
_okeefe yay! you're on twitter! you're my secret celeb crush!  (too much info??)
ah, ok  thank youuuuuu!
twitter, you just fail at life sometimes.  oh well. [URL]
no phone call yet.. 20 minutes until i pluck up the courage. i wish my phone would ring
*points at the gear question i just posted* i cant get the rest of my dreadweave set
you remind me so much of a omaha girl, that i use to date.  i guess it all in the jeans, (calvin kleins is what she wore).
sherrieshepherd gave the link for  [URL] he gives twitter tips. hope this helps
i loved him and he was in a mini
yeah i'm okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my **** on twitter... lol thanks
you're so gorgeous!!
i guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight...i was looking forward to that after my day at work
my laptop grew speakers. now i can watch charlie with the sound on
rofl uh huh
this was funny! i have 7.
well doesn't that look fab, even if i do say so myself!
deadlines!
has a terrible headache.  i need relief!
two months ago, i became irrelevant.
finally sunny days and i'm too sick to go outside and play.
good luck!! how exciting
working up to my vacation to thailand. getting more excited every day
we won't be home till like next month
finally a chance to show genuine love, not dependent selfish love, i hope i can do it. my heart goes out to you and i'm sorry 4 ur pain.
i'm game, too bad your leaving hi!
so screwed for sat 2 us
just got an im from another co-worker who just got laid off. lots of people becoming unemployed
the exact one i was thinking of  the bestttt.
easties you can go there anytime
why does #googledocs do folders, instead of labels like #gmail? i kind of like labels
lemme guess - you ran 5 miles at the gym, and are waking your kids up, and then going to the beach and / or recording studio?
i never knew a dentention was so hard 2 get
pacquiao fight was fun at home wif fam and melissa sat.    today was a mission to ikea. srsly 4 different freeways to ge to burbank.
my nail broke  i haaaaaaaaate
dang... that is disappointing
yep
how much longer is the nkotb block party? love it! i need to go to bed so just wondering what time it's over..lol..thanks!
thanks! my mom's seed is larger and already cracked (and planted). i hope avalina isn't a dud!
anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? [URL] only available till the 31st
it's a beautiful day outside today, shame i'm stuck in the office with the blinds shut to stop glare.
woke up and there was sun! and then it started to rain
and  the creative vado's are out of stock at walmart.com (missed it)  but thanks for tweeting about it
hates this weather
cultural tour 102 by loiusa's family: kangaroo sight-seeing in cemetary. lovely
flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.
oh, and yippee for lyn-z way who gets to celebrate mother's day for the first time as a mother.
am chillaxin after a busy bankholiday, hope everbody had a gd wkend! holiday in 12 days!!!  ****
havin a much better day today!! finished the last twilight book yesterday. classes start next week!      get at me yall!!
new motorcycle and you popped a cable already? wow-you ride hard!
check out the flyer i designed for the notary and retrograde: [URL] let me know what you think
thanks! welcome back!
i want to experience snow  we don't have snow here and it sucks
i have such a sore head
at the office, trying to solve the mystery of whose blood is that in the  bathroom toilet.... eewwwww
awwww..i love him! his car was soooo cute tonight!! i love me some carl..my 10yr old is sad now..lol..
bryan hasn't replied about wingnuts
watching southpark for another 20 minutes
thanks amy!  that video is so awesome!  did you see tmh?  he's amazing in that too!! bouncy bouncy bouncy!!!
lmao...ha! no i just simply wanted to go to ny!
is bored, cant go on habbo stupid ban
tried on all the shoes in new look
its too early  i wanna go back to sleeep
i don't think i am, my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now.  what you doing next week?
oh wow...hope he's ok  u take him 2 the vet?
he died.  wait, what about magic jack? i just read it.
i've just woken up
hahaha oh man please come to pomona i would love to see you everyday instead of like once a year if that
jon made one of the greatest dinners ever: roast pork tenderloin on a bed of wild rice on a bed of mixed greens & yummy sauce. no wine
nooooo its raining......had 2 leave the beach
shower. class. more class. taking care of my lady-friend. writing like there's no tomorrow.
rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight. a little different than the usual stuff - very nice.
great pics! you should try to start selling your race photos to runners
goodmorning twitter, oh my gosh, i woke up soooo nice, lol ... oh hai thar twitterverse. happy #mothersday everybody  (especially mine)
_dulay i swear it took me 2 hours to get from bel air to alabang.  but yes, i loved reminiscing about our hk trip with you &
hubby went to pick up  my fringe comics today @ store by his work. that store was out of business too. no comix in houston. have 2 web.
the world is just amazing!
i have no idea what im doing and i am completely lost.
@ gadgetopia need to dm you but you're not following me.   will send email.
awww hes too cute!!wish i could've gone
got my cable set up! win!  got my lock put on my door! win! feeling a tad neglected... fail.
i think that may look a little silly -.- also my camera is broken so no photo
just had a great talk with grace about how awesome god is and how he works...that somehow started with how remote controls work
this day has beasted me.
i'll be listening!
oh no....u don't have to hit him up. he had a family emergency so there was a lil delay. just can't wait to see them
sitting at home doing nothing. gonna be like this all weekend
oh nevermind i think this thing is unsalvageable
flew brisbane - lax today.  great flight.  love the lights.  shame about one drink limit though!
i think i should go to sleep considering i hav to b up on 3hrs....
if i told you how often i wash my hair you would never speak to me again
i just spent 2 hours looking for a blog topic and ended up inventing my own.  grrrr    [URL]
seems to have disappeared out of my life
happy mother's day to my mom, and every mom everywhere.  off for a stroll at the beaches later--hopefully...
ohhh i wanna go  gahhh but i dunnooooooo :s me confuzzzledd should i or not???
_kittykat hello new follower  haha!! how are ya?
haha best thing about office birthdays hey
****, i never knew i could miss my phone so much for 4 hours till they told me i won't have it back till then
_lay aww well i just randomly woke up and now i can't sleep! too many things on my mind
that's it? it's done already? this is one proof that there's nothing fair in this world.   [URL]
i am going to see how long i can do this for.
you better come here by the time i count to 10 or else. 1, 2, 3,  bam!!!!!
prd take a long time to review!
_3 u know - kids do what we do - not what we say ... well, don't we all, really  ....
ugh! i wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. i need to study
hi, thx for following  i teach some chinese lessons on youtube, pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/chineselearn
how sad! are you saying that i'm fat?  *tears*
why thank you. i might just take you up on your offer
i'm trying to find the driver for my microsoft lifecam vx-3000 webcam and can't find it anywhere! anyone have any links?
finally get to lay down for a bit i have a major headache
yes, you should go see star trek!  it's sooooo much fun!
mitchel you have no idea how much i want to call you!! but it costs loads to call from england!!!
stupid me, accidentally gave my honey the atomic flavored buffalo wings and now his stomach feels just awful..... im sorry baby
very relaxing thank you. hope you get to put your feet up tomorrow and enjoy the day
yessir that is 100% right
night!
writing my music lit final paper on mozart's eine kleine nashtmusik. mom is giving me a hand...and i'm actually having a great time
i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  im back to being sad.
too warm!!!
ada acara menarik lain: keys to the vip di channel v. ttg straight yg dikasih tasks to approach strangers in the crowd.. hmm
well hit me and we can see...it depends then
aww thanx andy
some goodies bagged at the car boot including some very cute cross stitch birds for my craft room! the man selling was a sweetie
has just finished ironing his clothes for #church. gonna walk the dog now then grab a shower/shave and be off  #jottonia looks good too
shower time!!!!!
coooooooool... dooooooooown... patience... is... virtue...
gotta drop off some car parts for a buddy to press out, then to the dentist!    [URL]
i cant call  im at work
going to the courthouse to pay for tags & taxes on all our cars...this is gonna be expensive.
so tired & ready for bed!! really in the mood for salt & pepper chicken wings & noodles but have no money on me for a chinese!
the usual. two family parties today. happy birthday lily!  [URL]
i am on here..finally. and yay. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler
goodnight magic and pretty world
doesnt have a hangover  and is getting ready for a good ol' english fry up
waiting to put my story about stereo skyline up. don't know where to put it. boooo
working now
just at starbucks with farrah!
@ ginniejean there's a lot of mojo all over the place...  yes.
third date went well....moving on to fourth!!!!!!
mad tired. but it's the hols! i miss chomp chomp terribly!
is finally starting her assignments
good morning  ready to start this week.
i've read good things bout it. just not feelin it tonight. proly finish it tomorrow, after star trek
so glad i'm finally done with finals!
watching 'that thing you do' on comcast. missing my boo like crrrrrazy!
it just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet
_1 yeah we only went for 5 days  im trying to get back in november with my mom for super soak stars weekend
i miss u guys too  i prob won't b bk til august sumtime... but if i come bk anytime b4 then ill 4 sure let u kno!
okay, make sure he's alright kk? cuidalo. let him know he's a got friend in us aha..
it will if i do it in a round about way. i ahve to copy the public contacts into my personal contacts first.  no big deal
trying to figure it out
_bob7 i'll update you. i had to leave him at the vet for tests and xrays.
went to see hannah montana movie on saturday  loved it .... still cant work twitter out though
lol, i've done that one b4  i'm a victim 2 that! lol
i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml.
just got confirmed that itï¿½s pizza-time with some ex co-workers on friday...looking forward to it
well paisley has one of those cone things around her head...so funny but i feel bad for her
ugggh idk how to do that  but i only wanna stop getting texts from twitterr  -ilse*
can't wait to november for jobros concert ! in examination
been there done that. it always ended up with me selling the machine and going back to my mac
just came back from watching terminator salvation @ cathay. it's so-so only, not so much action  but i feel sorry for marcus though.
is sitting thru the boring bits in titanic waiting for the good bit to start in couple of hours
[URL] - fire and urban at rock challenge
i can't believe i thought i had a morning shift today and told alex that i could take him to the airport.  his flight is during my shift!
my poor heather, she didnt make the cheerleading squad. im sorry babygirl. maybe next year
well now i do
250e!!! crazzyyyy ! but just this summer !!!  cuz ci are very close to rd! :s
i jus love doin night shifts...will be done in an hour
morning tweeple,way to early again
i have to reupload the **** thing again
you know, your updates are really amusing.  how was the prop auction?how much did that baseship bed go for?
loves the fact that there's only 5 days of school left
oh no!! i hope it's not bad
awesome..am headin there that nite after my grad dinner  c u then boi! hehe
_beery yeah little rough this morning but more tonight, and tomorrow night if all goes as planned. caloric intake off the charts
aww, congrats to the family. ;) send me piccies in the email!
uber bored atm, after out of the blue, will have shower, then watch house or numb3rs (vid) then csi + csi ny + bones double . .. . yay!
i can't.
strongly agrees with jason about wolverine, but not about hugh jackman.  sorry. no kids for this mouse.
you okay bby?
okay okay sleep for realz now! goodnight!  ::waves to followers::
omg, my mom just called... im too late... hes gone
just lost my internet signal  how will life go on
sorry we didn't get a chance to chat at #screengrab09. caught glimpse of you across room but was dragged home prematurely
__buckley good for you mate, sadly i couldnt get pissed tonight **** driving bad times
i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere!!!
pulled up @ walmart aunt got out went in i fell asleep 2 hours later.... were r you?!  lol
searching my home for a few things to cook them for dinner this evening. it's mothers day so guess who im eating with
very very cute  and fun to watch.
woke up at 7:50 then fell back to sleep. woke up at 8:50 and back to sleep again. woke up at 9:50 and i'm staying awake! morning!
great weekend, even though my site is not moved. plenty other things to do and learn. keeping the faith and looking to the future
don't know it really hurt my arm. guess you have to booze me.. or just ask  or  if you don't believe me!
not going to the dance recital and now i feel like a piece of **** cuz it cost so much money
tiiiiiiired! going to bed! drinking leads to making out with boys, who you later forget their names.... don't drink kids. goodnight
just been in that kind of mood, not reason at all. lol, but i'll try not to be too mushy around you!  i can behave!
thats what doting husbands are for lol!!  i hope that once my braces go on, i can eat normally again
; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?!
and dont tell burnsy - but no comparison between the rocky mountains and mountains in enlgland
i know, that is so sad.  i
good morning twits!  let's makes today x100 better than the one before! start runnin
i could get away with it. dare me? i'll go buy it tomorrow
thanks man.  that sorted it. i only ever remember 222.222
_craig_g hope your enjoying the money..it's looking real good to me right now
this is my favourite shirt, because its true.  <3 grumpy.    a) cute  b) huggable  c) life of the party  (d)... [URL]
ok, back to packing. have been sitting in car charging phone as charger was left @ home as well
and thanks,  , fr. yr congratulatory gweetin'
every time i have friday off. sadly, that's not too often
star trek was good times.
the sun is not cool
...  that was meeeaaannn. people make mistakes ok?! lol
invisible car helps to boost recycling. honest   [URL]
baby baby, it's gonna be all right when i'm by your side and the whole world turns against you... i ? it when my ipod randoms bsb songs
ha. totally posting an update at 2am.its lightning outside, pretty.
do a tour in the philippines sometime.  a lot of fans here would really love that!
has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to goulburn
...you are kickable.
_richie i also saw u on american idol great performance, i see u will be at windsor in june 20 commodores won't be there
nice clutch
happy mother's day to all the mommies
just finished watching 'marley and me'
enjoying mother's day
everyone seems to love it, but it felt kinda lazy and repetative to me.  i was really disappointed.
roll on thursday
dadgum, i think this nations shipping needs have shut down completely. still no freight for carriers out there.
cavs got lucky 2night  lol but lebron took over and killed em another triple double
wishing all the mommies out there a very happy day!!!
what did i learn today? never post anything you've sold on ebay using royal mail. they lose it, i refund: compo's nowhere near - my bad
_ oh god, yeah! i forgot about that
as long as you have someone to make out with    lol
ahaha its stuck in my head; thanxx
you arent following me, so i cant send you a dm..
i'm poorly and can't sleep
happy star wars day ...  'may the 4th be with you'.... read [URL] for more ;)
i picked up a taco over lunch... you got a guitar.
buried under more web changes. going to make lunch now... i won't have a chance later. too much to do.
'up' is all sold out!!
i hope everyone had a great weekend! i will be here on and off today as i have 2 important meetings today
_gd whoaa kinda hard :o that one that you think will be interesting enough to tell
[URL] - i love you guys  you're the best
listening 2 music @ home all alone lol  who wants 2 come over & hang with me lol!!
shut your face! why are you so mean to me? pedro is supposed to be the mean one
or so a month. i put my 2 week's notice in a little over a week ago, my last day is this friday!
oh yea mspacers my boy just hooked up my page  it looks kewl at least i think so and it only took him 5 minutes www.myspace.com/missmickey
_babe woo! im getting mine on monday,cant wait  x
awww she's laavly ;) i had to come in  but i've got a stunning wee tan (l) ;) yourself?
yes please  and if you're gone i might actually get some work done lol
i'm really getting sick ugh **** nursing homes! laying in bed, might go run later, watch some more movies with austin. sara & sami left
i saw you stalkerishly from the elevator, but brookie was eating her moracca (?) so we had to go.
???-?? ? youtube ? ????
calling mum too ask if she can by ice-cream
_ having a very lazy day, playing xbox and drinking tea
well thatï¿½s disappointing to hear.
well if i use all my tweets will be the push to make me go to the shop. and by the time im back it will be over hopefully
my mom just texted me and told me that rodney was chasing fireflies in their backyard. awwwww i'm miss him    [URL]
is getting ready for bed. happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!
(blinks fast) its better now ... lol thanks :-*
my legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all.
(cont) a bastardized version of french? it's fun, believe me!
alas, i am moving   (like where i'm moving too, but the actual moving, ugh) wish i could go too!
ready to go home
need to push diet to last level. not too good last week lost 1 lb. . better than a gain
today jon doe plays at the moho. ia m excited  itï¿½s gonna be funny.. but before i have to carry all the equipment and do the backline
my back is killing me...  it won't keep me from dropping it low...hope i got someone to pick it back up tho... lol
facebook is being a ****
mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
i am at my grandparents place
hi from chile!!! it's 9 deg c  winter's coming....cant wait for cali sun.
i dont feel very good
i was born there
congradts on ur show  even tho i wasnt there lol
damjust finished watching prison break: the final break...omg i dont think i've cried so hard for a show..finally understand the finale
visiting the grandparents in manhattan, and dropping off my sister for the week! i wish i had an excuse to be so tired today..
so glad it is friday  two classes, then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today
good luck.. finally your long time will of panvel tweetup finally coming true..
heading off to hollywood studios today  manta and kraken were both awesome yesterday, feeling like doing a few more rides!!
this weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  no life this summer i'm afraid.
please read my blog [URL] i'm not having the best day
_aid16 goodnight!
welcome
ha! thanks bryan! and don't remind me about the state budget issues.  actually, steve only has 6 staffers in 3 offices.
thanks, none close to me.
watered the tomato plants, pepper plants and lettuce, feeling all homely! off out with freddie for a fun-packed day
haha i will remember that  ****
will do  hee after exams, i'll give u plenty of shows. haha hopeless me
i sorry
awww, it does remind me of getting ready for the ball.
you did know, you just couldn't remember!!
_bishop  sez need to get u to look at my flights again  will email ur work tonite
if so, the tmobile g1 is the hummer h1. i wish i had the battery life of an iphone!
nite nite twitts i wish u all a happy sunday i already have my major gift my my 2kids-my bro-n @_agressiva23 n 1 other gift on d way  tyg
omg. its 1:47 am and kim possible is on disney channel right now. i am glued to the screen
at first i thought bar life meant you were partying nonstop to catch up for the last 2 years...lol shoulda known better
work in that heat is horrible !
someone came in when i was sleeping off my national passtime and turned me human
i see you didn't shave your head. but i *love* the cut.  i'm glad you didn't shave it. your hair's too pretty!
_starr yep, the hawkesbury classic starts at windsor, home of said dj
i am twittering, like a boss. thanks savvv
my sleep pattern is screwed i need to try and stay up 2 midnight so i can get some decent sleep coz i havent slept
since the demise of woolworths it isn't easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere
may the fourth be with you! happy star wars day
i've been unlocked for decades now...just not lucky, never have been.  gottta make my own luck and that involves $$$$$
taking care of yucky stuff.
homework on a friday night...lame
always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site i joined
industrial tommorow! oh yeah & i get to go see a bunch of old people go away forever & i will probably cry all over the place.
can't believe i just drove all the way back to school...whatever happy mother's day: mommy, precious, candis and granny
at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat.
i'm either always on the train or at work
i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty
laughing for no reason...maybe its because its 2:27 and i'm tired, haha. maybe i should go to bed  night!
that's me on a good day
_greta that is so not good.  your box is worth way more than that!
i created my account just to get a chance to chat with you (: i admire you! you're amazing! you inspire me to write  <3
think i'll go enjoy the sun's rays again...i love being off work
hahaha, i was busy, now i see what i replied to you! yes that is true
thank you cici  right back at ya!
very bad.
he's not logging in yet.  and i doubt if he will check his his replies here in twitter. but we must keep on trying!
very content with my life at the moment
thanks, i feel a lot better now.. but it hurt like hell!!!  good luck with the lousy student writing.
thank you  x
i think we have it pretty much figured out.  added a box in the helsinki group where you can see the tweets
i must have just missed   & i guess i scared  & _tx off...  sorry
esther rhymes with: investor, tester, jester, pester, polyester, semester, sylvester, requester... just to name a few
[URL] - lexus has the twitpic! happy mother's day to you lexus.  i hopw it's a nice one for you.
last night in australia
i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night
_uts bass love
omg j.o.n.a.s. is my new fave show <3 one guess as to why hahahha
it's mothers day today
yeah it is. thanks
_i_am_jes yay! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades!
i feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help
same difference today  going to go and have a shower then get ready!
??????? #bash ?? ??????? ????????? ????
its prob cuz i don't really like sleeping in late, even if i tried.
congrats on the knottie man!
awww. don't mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby, but i'm still stick. not as bad as yesterday, but still bad.
i guess your cooler than me, tony hawk never replied to me
wishing i could kidnap  from work
there coming this year ^-^  wil said it himself  but yes now would be good.
i ran out of eclipse mints
tweeten maar
i'm watching missing pieces, just coz the theme song is lost without you
need some more enthu movie guys for that. right now it's just you,  and @_anshul
**** i hope theyr all wrong we need him
no... have to go on cruches next 2 weeks
my throat is killing me
im back on twitter.
looked up weather for greece this weekend....80 and sunny omgz
awww  i'll let you off - but you'd better be there for my next 30th! xd
yoyo door nazis refused me entry on account of no id  gutted! heard it was a good night tho.. next time i'll come prepared!
ah! well, i'll see if i can find u later in the week.  i am tempted to look at leica's this week. lol. we could go check it out.
babe u aint been reading my tweets- my phone has fallen apart. my new on comes nxt wk. the track ball keeps fallin out my phone
hhahaa!    its well strange just woke up to an empty house ahah  lolllllyyyyyyyy<3 love that dog
_nexus he has to have a new suitcase, but he is just so bloody indecicive, everytime he wants to buy something it takes hours
_s make me tea pleaseeeeeeeeeee
classes. n bout to make sum breakfast..
oh dear.. u serious? so how does one prevent bites??  i'm so itchy its distracting while editing.. *sigh*
sports car + curb = flat tire.
i think i just good stood up...
omnomnom    just came online to 69 unread emails, as well as my backlog from yesterday  [URL]
hook up with rian van staden on twitter. he is a (much) better cook and may have some more concrete suggestions
nako! umuulan pa naman!  anyway, enjoy the bike rides!
has just discovered a great site!
oohh yaay like it !  ?    love ya
dota is an addiction...i waste 6-7 hours playing dota
yeah. it totally sucks.  i hate not being able to breathe! thanks for the ff!
how long before the frisbee golfer 'accidentally' catches one in the back of the head from his friend
_lhoste thanks you so much for following me on twitter; i hope you find it as exciting as i do! looking forward to your tweets!
hi guys just doing da usael notmuch really! <3 sad me
happy mother's day to all the mommies out there, be you woman or man as long as you're 'momma' to someone this is your day!
not smoking sucks sucks **** sucks, i want a cig
no, i do better with people i don't know   you're going to chiodos tonight, right? just kill something for me.
while im stuck inside in elk grove village working all day   someone should enjoy it!
hi i have uploaded 5 completely new chinese lessons on www.youtube.com/chineselearn please feel free to watch and enjoy
that was nice. i just ordered my mom her gift from me and my sister.   something different and unexpected.
don't follow your dreams; chase them.- richard dumb (who i think is very smart
up is out?  i didn't get the memo   it looks amazing.
yeah twitter is a lot of fun babe... especially when you've got ppl to talk to! lol & that sounds goooooood lol
tonight was hilariouss  i loveeee everyone that was theree
thank you!! you guys did awesome things for my blog tonight  so grateful!!
call me when you have time and a good phone  i wanna catch up with you! i love you and miss you.
has heart burn
@_twee haha thanks to you that's my new word for the week! ****
even if i was drunk, i'd think about using a fake/temporary mail address
happy mom's day to your moms !
_guy would luv to hear music too but iï¿½m out of batteries - the tv plays besides but i think this is some kind of vampire movie
just touched down in changi. +1/2 hrs to kill before heading to penang.  must fly singapore air more often!
dude, that's eff'ed up. lol @ chris browning you. we live so far apart and im afraid to fly
wow i have no friends on twitter
washing the dishes :s its so hard 2 be me
just wanted to say, positivity is doin me good! change it up! won't regret it... forsure..
my friend sent u call bck messages. i dunno if you could reply but she has no credit thts all.
i had mint ice-cream for dessert tonight. love the stuff!
watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.
drink #2: and at 12:45pm when leaving the shops i had a medium light coffee frappuccino. nom nom nom
depends on what they want for it....i've become poor again
uploading pictures on myspace
but it was kinda funny, sorry. ur still my favorite tho
i think both ?s related to size depend on structures and system: hard to relay in tweet but worth blogging..good questions this am
almost to grandmas now. no internet there. i will never catch up on twitter.
is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of lam's noodles at 8  [URL]
lol clever i'm extremely jealous of the amount of followers you have  i only have 24
okie gonna tweet more because i am loosing you guys or girls
i think your friend is thinking of jonathan, not danny
packing up and leaving inlaws house heading home sweet home... had a nice weekend and back to work in a few hours
happy momma's day all. honor your moms  sign up for #maternalhealth  here's for all mothers and luvin kids out there:  [URL]
just got back from donating blood
why am i so tired?
y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
just uploaded my new blog... a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die... very sad
another purse? need to see photos.
aw. toy story 3 is coming out next year.
i'm not leaving yet!
goooodnight everyone!  and happy mothers day to all the mothers out there.
my whole immediate will be in the same city until some point tomorrow afternoon. this is monumental
what??  nooooooooo      there goes my weekend!
good days with good friends make me not regret living
wats gooood !! miss yall already
omg i would sooooo make dis show number one n da ratings
listening to dashboard confessional & counting down the days until the  concert on may 16th with
its my burfday and i'm all alone
yes...met jon last yr at an interesting 'questionning agile' agile 2008 session.  don't see him on this yr's schedule.
aaawww  no worries fresh start to work on growing it out again
just spent the last two hours playing l4d with babe  had hella fun. i love him <3
nice to have you back
i knew there was a reason i hated cars! 1. too slow! 2. too big! 3. i get car sick! 4. motorbikes are much much much more fun!!
well it's not done yet ! 1 more thing left huaaahhhhh ! jupaa, resaaaa awas kaliaaannn !
hahahah yeah, you're right! plus i'm twitteraddict so, you'll find me here all (well almost) day most likely
enjoy the coffee. we miss you, petite puce (adica puricel in franceza)
omg evie. we have to do our plan for hot 30 tomorrow night
why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,<3 kmv
omg i'm going to robinson with tyler wfm. and i freakin miss anthony  ugh today kinda sucks. lex<3
my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies
that is super sad   how is bart etc holding up?
_eron effy breaks my heart.
thanks  lyxxx
i am jealous...ur koi fish are getting ur attention & i'm not.....lmao   i'm kidding!!
and this terrible cartoon that's supposed to be mexican.
happy mothers day!
happy may day and star wars day
happy mother's day!
is wondering what i did to get on the 'do not respond' list
jaydiohead 'no karma' ? [URL] #musicmonday this is not the android i was looking for. but it'll do.
i am ok, i think i will just take the attitude that mothers day is an invented hallmark holiday from now on
- sorry only just seen this - how strange it seems only to happen from my iphone - perhaps it is a problem with twitterific
happy birthday!
[URL] - at bus boys and poets ordering medici and white chocolate banana bread pudding !!
now, lets do funkey stuff, talking with magento, through xmlrpc with codeignite and output with amf (zend) to flash
thanks !!my real name is nadia
but they are expensive.
_ thatd be likely, bein that i lived on campus ha...i just moved back to the cov
msn-ing. no school  shouldn't there be more bank holidays? x
_tah oh no.  *hugs*
time flies...and i never got it all right. why oh why?
so sorry about that  i have the same issues...lol. my weekend started about an hour ago!!!
ccï¿½s video for long gone premiers today on yahoo, dont miss it: [URL] awesome video and version
i know, i know...  -hugs-
you have no interview today?
is sad that she is not seeing basshunter at metroplex this weekend
date movie with nate. most likely wolverine.
*reads phone book* hugh clancy, hugh claments...nope, no hugh clap.  poor holly, though she'll grab pity votes like a shark.
she is beautiful . but don't feel badly. some neaby grans see grandkids about the same amt.   can't go to them = out of luck
o can't work that one out  pain in the **** them spammers
he wasn't there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy..but after
aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh i hate the internet  when will people learn 'native widgets are always best'
watching w. with jas. i love my brother he's my best friend
**** it. totally gutted i decided not to go out tonight. roni size is djing
i don't think i like this roy williams who dissects frogs while still alive >  you look like chachi from happy days
he didn't know there was going to be a test
i need to get tickets though  idk how that is gonna happen
safari 4 beta (os x) is in a crash loop on startup. back to non- cookie saving firefox.
i am definitely ready... actually ahead of you... i already have a sun tan and i was out at the beach yesterday.
as opposed to twitter, where all we can do is talk to people.  sl is fun. i already have way too many ways to distract myself.
wants tfa back.  [URL]
still on the train goin 2 the southside!
zach g. gets an extensive profile in this weekend's ny times magazine. the chances of us falling in love are getting fewer and fewer.
coffee time  be back later kisses*
yeah! thanks! i'll be back in soon to see what ya got!
ahhh fusterated
another hd - my lecturer was gob smacked by how good our presentation was
awesome! all deserved i'm sure. miss the crabs games
i am using imovie 08 and it's still not bad. i am afraid to hear what is wrong with 09
i wish i could play guitar..... my guitar i got a few christmas's ago is collecting dust! i need to learn! haha
when balancing a chair on my chin in the sixth form common room got nothing but sneers, i hung those balls up for good
but i'm talking to the boy first
_envy how come you dont think you did good?!
outta the shower, too bad justin couldn't spend the night.  haha
jealous  it looks like schindler's list in toronto
@ little_ren is lovely lovely, and so niceee
i'm saying my goodbye to my car for the next 2 weeks  i'm gonna miss it!!  its going to come back beautiful though!!
out with audrey
i'm so jealous! i don't know when i'll be able to see conan.
my wedding next thursday and i'm ill
me neither. but it's no longer about what we want. it's about fairness. and fairness is whatever government says it is.
where are all you motivated/determined/wannabe sexy successful young professionals!??! i might really have to join a bni if there is no1!
i should post some photos of my robots  ok - offline for 4 hours now. ttfn (oh, so im...)
lmao yeaa iight n u shuld put tha c.b flick up w. **** on ur head .. juss a joke
im sure jont wont mind sharing
aw...poor thing.
hahahah of course  they have such a nasty display picture :')
boooo!!! i bet it was a nice wallet too
in math class waiting for lunchhhhhhhh. seniors are done in fifteen minutes
thanks  scared of dentists.. looks like i am going to have to get over it and go
dad's been having fever since last nite and needs 2 bottles of blood trasfusion..loaded 1 today..1 to go tomorrow.
who not here be glad!!!!!!! ur sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not enduring dis!!!!
sick. feel like jello, can't talk, and delirious.
it's teddy-chucking time
omj! the 3rd episode of jonas is too great! they are so funny. i wish i was the pizza girll. lol <3
went and saw fighting last night with the best friend. it wasn't all that great but channing tatum is amazing!
it makes perfect sense. i guess i am very down to earth. thanks for your reply
finally, im back online! i miss my lappy. so many things to follow up. starting with ning... haha.
sux, i'm thinking of being an accountant. mad monies! i'm a middleschool cafeteria manager  (25k/yr)
the sun is shining brightly and the day has just begun! what's in store? wandering around les calanques maybe? vin, definitely!
am's good for us gmt-ish people, i think.  looking forward to it and hope you're batteries & laptop will be recharged soon.
the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick
my arms hurt!
i can remember those evidence based management lectures...definitely the best of ebm
on my way to work. i'm so hungry!
starting phase 1 of operation 'be productive'- pack clothes. can't find pink tank top!! oh no!!!
my throat is on fire
miss cauzinhoooo already
fab, eh?  feel free to come along for some pre-ep 4 chat and drinks over at luigi's - [URL] tomorrow!
since part of your job is predicting what will happen on the golf course, what are you going to shoot?
what kind of food celli? i'm following you now
i just want this whole day to hurry up,
oh yes..i think almost every tuesday in june. which dresss, i just bought one, then felt guilty and took it back
ok! oops sorry
i lllooovvveee icarly
aye, may the 4th be with you
the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!
on my way to dazzle bar!!
lol! i thought we was suppose to guess..****, i tried tho..lolol!
- wow, i didn't realise you were hami. lol. thanks for all the comments on my blog, dude
going to jog down to uni. quite a way from my family home but exercise and all that
_xo  hey chick u alryt u at dads tmoro we sud do sumin aen like last week we neva dun oot this week lol  missed you ha bye hun ****
glad to see the sun out in dublin after a great week in london. back to work
yes not for putting inside anything else
[URL] - you are so weird. you need to lay off the smokes, because you're talking to yourself.
had an awsome salad! i recommend getting the spicey buffalo chicken salad!
_luck13 they are so cute
haha i tried covering it with make up.. it doesn't work  lol so wearing a scarf is the way to go.
what am i gonna do when my iphone is full!
_zaboo its ok, it just hurts abit i thought i was doing a good job... if i was rude to people i could understand...  x
lost hiatus noooooooooooooooooo d: back to school tomorow. back in 10ty  ()
yes super lakas ng ulan. buti nalang i have a red bandana, body ko lang ang wet look  hahah!
watched gossip.girl. dan's so funny, haha.
hope your day gets better soon!!
thanks for the shoutout
is tired but happy the orphanage was wow.. and babysitting was really fun
a sunny morning in the big k, with lawns to mow and a 2 mile to run to attempt, urgh
melissa_leah: my car wont start.......
couple days?! sheeeeit. wish i were there. have something at cafe claude for me.
bushidokan class got canceled.   i'll just have to sign up for karate someplace else!!
does it work on the iphone as my macbook is flat
aww, jon ryan bob and greta in one picture? how adorable  and it brightens my morning, ty jon walker
maybe one day i can be on your favorite producers list  lol
you know we do!
wants this summer to actually have some sun in it
i'd love to!!
never commute in the rain. the people get so much meaner to you.
the problem is that i'm not finished with it  but i have logged in mass hours this week on it. and i'm not being paid! pop!
what a beautiful morning! nice to be out
faillllllllll  whenever ur freee then?
_ray bright eyes=contentment
[URL] my hero
i don't think i've ever been up this early on a sunday in a while. meanwhile, the #bigweekend awaits!
i feel like taking a day off but cannot afford it  looking forward to the dfb cup final tmrw night though. go werder!!!
@_marguerite yup, that's dianne and claudia.  dianne is new to tweetville, claudia has been on a while but not active here
my legs are so **** sore. and my feet hurt to walk. whataday
were have you been?
hahah! sadly there is no current activity though in the room
yeah yeah yeahs - softshock
we'll watch & wait & tomorrow i can take anyone who needs to the dr w/o having to take everyone else....n's cheeks & ears red as my hair
yeaaa i just got the link off his lj
noone wants to talk to me  lol
so very irratated
[URL] - thats the most colorful thing ive seen all day,wow.
somebody get me out of work tomorrow.
haha.. you were actually in violations of someone's trademark?! okay..  yeah, i went to bed at 4 and i had to be up at 6. :[
i just started watching 30 rock too, borrowed seasons 1 and 2 from my dad   so good.
i like ogberry
lost at bowling again  why do i suck
you are totally welcome to come hang out on my wiki  do it, do it!
? american pie forever. i'm watching it right now. they're running naked around on the streets! would you do that? i would  [ not ]
hey im a fan from new zealand. loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. keep up the good work
crud is all i can say
going to work till 3...then maybe ride the horses and take my sister to softball pratice
nice! you should submit that to failblog.org
is ahhh, ching chong wing wong ping pong ding dong!
has two tickets to amadou and miriam for tue. june 2 that i can't use  $25 each to anyone who wants 'em. that's face value. should be good
_zwitschert there's supposed to be a <3 at the end of my last tweet but i guess twitter ate it
is going to watch the two davids. yey
hahahaha wtf dianne????? who twitters that lol...i guess it depends who the person is.....
listening to a new stolen sheep record
home from work. a few hours of sleep then putting some miles on the new bike.
says livejournal is being a bee-eye-tee-see-hedge. dum dee dum, ok back to work!
always excited for a new chapter in my life. just didnt expect it to be so emotional.
in about half a hour i'm going to my english lesson...guess i'll have to wait...and wait for a couple hours so i'm over with it.(( :s   ))
hell yeah! belgian beer is the bomb!!  :p
hahahaha. im listening to my itunes library, a bit of sonia dada atm,  its good
[URL] - speed lessons on the main screens on center court! i had to take this pic
great pic,have to upload my pix tomo,i've no laptop tonight.
acsvxdcbgfn soccer now. shall see young phoebe after d: i don't want her dressed up though
you win ... sigh rakeem
live long and prosper
just got in from michaels and had some shreddies  im well tired, it was fun though ryan wright stoned = lol
hey charicee! how are u? are you going to come to italy again? please tell me yes
mean
finished proofing the wedding from march .. now just waiting for export and upload before i can share  still have 2 more sessions to do!
lol yea im thinkin bday bash ! but everybodys lame wants to sit in the house instead of qo wit me  lol
waiting for the battery to charge for my new dslr
my dad had to bury ours six weeks ago. she became his after i left for college fourteen years ago. long time to have a kitty.
- bless you as well sweetie, and i hope you have a wonderful weekend
you could say that. i left it in vt and have been blackberryless since tuesday night. i'm lost
it was a biligual sweatshop lol i talk 2 him once in a while but not as much, he got an r6
super late for work, and got an earful from the psychopath. grrrr! day, please get better
just got outta work.  ....... frankie's house.
kirk is hotter than spock
shoesshoesshoes.yayyayyay.lol.iwouldpostatwitpic.butidntknohow2
search for 'asos coupons' in google  plenty to choose from
'i want you in my mouth and my **** b!tch' mm jeffree rawks
- does the 1st show count? that would be the midnight show thurs night/fri morning
omg i can't believe jay leno is going off the air
i'm so thinking about skippin out to ny in the morning. . . but all of my plans were for tonight  well . . . most of them anyway.
taking 40 underpriveledged kids to the circus 2moro. big day planned & i still aint feeling 100%  so nervous right now..
enjoying a beautiful day off by hanging around the house. pam is making a cake, but she won't give me any
it might be the swine flu! haha 'cause i've got the flu
happy mothers day to all mums
i can't studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom
is in starbucks
oceans 12
waking up early to go to the gym
heavens, not good  i can empathise. fingers crossed it doesn't come to anything and you can sleep easy. wishing for the best...
out with bre, jimmy, and jon p?
so anyone looking for a vinyl-clad playset with a 30 year mfr warranty? 3 slides, 4 swing slots, rock climbing wall, more! amish built!
going to the star trek premier tomorrow night, uber stoked. i don't care if i'm a nerd, star trek is amazecore!!
i think i should hire one of those tranlsators.. because no one ever understands me....
i overslept  headache
thanks g! my actual birthday is on tuesday and i will be 24.
happy star wars dayyyy =d and hbd to uncle lee
bout to go to work
its so nice.. i luv kelly...she's such an amazing singer  luv her
4 more followers.. follow me and i'll love you!! *pouts* please?
in kelantan! good to be (sort of) home! :pi'm guilt stricken after having that turtle egg.  really. won't do it again. really.
trying to watch your vids, but the audio has been disabled
rats the creative vado's are out of stock at walmart.com i'm too late.
weather starting to be better  so just shine **
diapers??  feeding?  cooking?  i don't do any of that stuff!!!  hahaha... yeah, right!  sounds like a normal day for me.
[URL] - that should answer part of your question
hope ya sleepin well  guys still here
i wasn't feeling it
watching some vintage topgear
follow friday is a bit hard to do when my work kicks in on fridays
thank you  how's your daughter? and by the way, how did you get 1017 followers? :o
realizing that i don't have school today... or tomorrow... or for the next few months.  i really need to get on those job applications!
i want some grape soda, jack fowers' fault. also,  i wish i could see you play  are your uk gigs sold out? please reply!!!!!!!!
wow.how sweet!
- thanks ! my motivation is returning at about the rate i'm inputting coffee  !
oh..keep working on it..you can always make it a little smaller
just saw you on tv for the best job in the world. good luck.
happy mothers day!!!  <3
had my last class with scott and julie today  going to miss them... they bought me a bottle of champagne as a congratulatory gift.
hey i loved acs but i had to see it online, is not here yet   cant wait to buy it!!! you look amazing there
_ife not to forget cinnamon!
i can understand, pains been part of my life for a long time now  i hope you feel a bit better soon.
might be at cornerstone this year
sooo glad im home  floridia was fun!! back in atl. time to sleep....then back up to work!!! constant grind.
i was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited
has burnt my hand on the cooker, it hurts
it's like the library equivalent of 'it's 5 o'clock somewhere.' someone else in on the ref desk somewhere
the episode was amazing...i cried when i saw the home videos they were soooooo cute
i always feel guilty about it
no need to thank  we all just have to keep the good thought!
roflmao for the funny web portal  =d
i really cant take this.
that would mean me babe! but **** it my name  is super freakin cool! i give myself a pass! ha!
its 11:11...make a wish!
sbs 2003 or sbs 2008! damned if you do and damned if you don't!  fun times at gch!
net .. net .. net ..  hmm. bad weather .. weird summer!
is now on twitter.....
ugh i'm not doin too good
she doesn't believe spending many (many) thousands on a perfect wedding makes a happy couple.....a happy couple makes a perfect wedding
miley, i tried voting for you, and it wont let me vote for some reason  ill try back a little later! <3
_pe awesomeness! phillip hasn't completely finished it but if goes up, down, left, and right
what have you been up to ?
mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills
thanks
ahhhh!!!!!! almost off!!! can't wait!! but..i got work again rite after this!   hat club come && gimme some company! oh && a cookie! ;-)
how i wish the result is true...
and we're off  to ot !! exciting game like always
watching bones with naty. have made her a fan! mission convert naty: success...now onto mission convert meagan
i don't have a subject line on my phone...  just normal texts.
her son is 7 and captured it outside...thank god i have a little girl
and i'm really glad you were able to watch the game
alhamdulilah. i got accepted into nafa
girsl night ! on my way to foam party  no sleep tonight !!
whom do yu wanna kill ??
i love being able to run my tongue along my teeth
facebook quizzes are one cure of boredom haha, my teeth/mouth hurts
i dont like seeing my best friend cry, it breaks my heart and i dont know what to do or say
_13 awe, thx so much! neither of need 2b sick on friday!!  do u have any prayer requests?
random has an a
__marie lol..french toast sticks too!
going to the memorial for the guy in my grade that died.
they grovelled   on tomorrow morning, will post a link to the show, should be on just after 9am if anyone is about
sob! i can't believe i'm ending my work week at the chapter about what augusten burrough's father did to ernie the guinea pig!
bye ! have a great time being whisked away
missed the ups guy again! ugh so sad  but i got some cool stuff today that i'm super excited about! and looking forward to tonight too
lol! ahhh well its a good song
actual wiki entry 'the million dollar homepage' made me just shake my head due to the fact that ... sometimes...somtimes things just work
boring starting work weekend soon................ 1st need to get a tim coffee so i can make it through this **** night shift........
i'm awake while others sleep
thanks, i just found a article that say i cannot join you because i am in the uk though
cheers for the aptism link
just drove by fisher and i feel so sad
am bored out of my skull.  i have got to get a job.  this sucks.  i need entertainment. /grumbles
cool...a very productive day! i just got a spot as an extra in a feature film that is filming tomorrow  awesome week all around!
_dew tokens haven't been working for me all day....
_cowan oh cool!  i'm gonna crash and sleep. i have been like 40 some hours working lol
me too   haha i did but have no credit
epicfail and joseph in class... very long liao
i'm freezing in math class!
be my yoko ono and follow me wherever i may go !
this is what i had to endure to get prizes of to my lucky winners  [URL]
i'm likable after all hahahahahahaha! still over the moon
there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on
i wish i knew how to play an instrument. lessons for menace and missy moo, for sure. piano? cello? bass? whatever they want
_janeway ooc: goodnight
and who says i wasn't just muttering to myself?
nic has no idea what he's going to do!  money is all gone!
work all day
i thought it was pretty good! i'm not a die hard trekkie either.
ty very much for ff
enjoy the ride
unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!!
and movies too!!!
why not united kingdom
reading breaking dawn
omg going to die of swine flu when i go to melbourne
heeeey good luck for unair sweet!
just come in from the garden. it is very warm out there but beautiful. didnt do much revision though
_twitster ohhhh, i love morse, have every episode on video & sometimes gaze lovingly at them
life's good
_b i don't know but they aren't worth it, only 6 people actually showed up lol
p.s. there is such thing as having too much sushi! bleeeeah!
oh ok. well good for you...can i get some weather updates instead??  jk.
rescued two adorable pit mix pups today.  lc and brody.  looking to adopt?  e-mail me for more info and pics!
suddenly i remember all the memories with him  ohhh please
i think my cheap sunglasses are falling apart. oh well
slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock
i ate to much lunch...now i don't want to work
is that why your blog is set to private?
@_glitter_  kk but 4 sum reason its not lettin me vote 4 them
ugh! **** it. today doesn't look like it's going to work  i'm sorry
even more so bc i drove their asses to chandler, which is why i am just now getting home, an hour and a half later. lol
watching the film real women have curves  why are good films on in the middle of the night?
happy mother's day!
drinking some really nice coffee, got to go to the dentist at 9am this morning
ugh id better get up for work
i dont think he's ganna text me.
thanks for the raspberry-laced vanilla cake
morning alex hope you will be tweeting lots today as we do miss you when you aren't on here  ****
****, got chili beans on my shirt  i hate that i can be a messy eater. such a lady!
wow never seen him before , he's bloody awesome , i think bcoz george won last year however could be bad for him  x
i had some work to do, but my wrist hurts too much to do any of it.
_divine take my advice lookin through the phone cost me my relationship
weekends are great....if you don't have to work them.
good morning misfit *passes you tylenol*
yay to som1 i no on twitter...slowly slowly rest of the grade will come around...hah  i hope ur ready for my constant tweets!!
i think that's what's wrong with me.  stuffed up and when i breathe in it feels like a sore throat
****. it should be recoverable. it's just the boot part that's messed up. grr argh. my business was on there.
whats the next movie review going to be? you're like wossy of brum. just more controversial
thank you isay  kamusta ang bulacan historical gimmick at ang gilmore shopping trip?
last day in st andrews.. i will spend it on west sands! and then packing
[URL] omfg this dude looks well 'ard! he puts me to shame...
oh yeah
omg are u still naked 1313 xdd omg i miss you so muuch
has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[
rented bikes + unknown trail with random bumps + big hills + kids = one beat up little girl. not a good day on the b family vacation.
no star replies to me
plane tickets to uk and everywhere in europe are beyond cheap (for june-oct!!), but there's no gig in the near future announced yet
oh yeah the grill is out...its bbq tonight at the house
i do not mean to laugh but a little giggle did come out - sorry
we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it wasn't deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
my mind is playing tricks or me!...or could it be? either way this ish is on my mind heavy and in sleepy
if someone had've told me things would get this hard..i would never have done it
had a blood test today.   wasn't too bad really. needed to dash 2 starbucks after to revive my spirits with a nice iced latte & a bun.yum!
no one wants to sit with me at lunch  i guess i'll just bury my head in my laptop and continue to be anti-social.
no its the same
hope all the mum's out there had a mother's day with love, close family & friends.
hey mr luketic! i don't have your number to send by phone.  you can email me at heathfox.com if that would be ok.
5 seasons that's it? sorry just noticed in ur previous update. my sis isn't gonna be happy
just finished church. happy mother's day!
watching crimson tide and eating apple sauce.
vocï¿½ que sumiu forever do msn.
guess i'll start getting some of my camping and fishing stuff together for wed & thurs trip to braunig lake......
i miss rollerblading down shoreline.
wors bike race at camp this weekend=a total of 1500 people. going anywhere sunday is not an option as they race right past the house  #fb
this wind is crampin' my style. i have a section of my yard that won't get any water. i'd move the sprinkler, but it's surrounded by mud.
i am probably spamming my follower's account.
i don't have enough close contacts on twitter to do follow friday  #followfriday
i only have 2
found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o
working my way through this casualties discography.  have to pull weeds later  ...
the sight of it made my afternoon
so sad u cancelled silverstone show  better see u in sandown park!
praying to be humble is always dangerous, he will answer you  (god gives grace ...)
25-man ulduar is hard...
this is for   [URL]
bonjour twitterland !
gorgeous day!  worked the master gardener plant sale, trimmed smoke bushes, and now to do some writing.
you and  are both baitersss  hope tonight is fun!
off to the shelters around me to look for her.  i hope she is okay, so afraid that she is going to get hit by a car. can't stop crying
you can have  ice cream, i'll have  kiss.
don't worry. you'll be 38 soon
sometimes i could swear i really am insane.
haha ie...it's expensive!!!! hm...let me message you later
you got it all done?? even the labs? thats all i have left to do. and i cant figure it out. fml
next year will be sweeet
bwahahahaha! shut the **** up...  is totes following me right now! who made the account? made me giggle like a school girl!
byebye
what? you won't be two blocks away any more?
really missing hockey already.  off for a night in dtn naperville.  can't wait for the day off tomorrow,  i have to work sunday.
just try to do your best. i hope you don't get laid off.
everybody welcome !!!  hello nicole ;)
i've always been pretty athletic, i especially love b-ball. anyway, yeah i can run
i wanna go to the borgata tonight if rich is playing.
_a the rocky kind! with little rockpools & octopi & shells & stuff. now i want to be at the beach. its the perfect overcast day.
finally have a working (subbed!) copy of pika?nichi.   heeeee.
waiting to go to bed. had a great weekend
lmao boss ross don't come on out here  i love that man he was the truth
never ever smoking around you again.
is at the beach watching xmen origins and drinking orange juice with no pulp
this has been a dismal week.
pigs catching swine flu and avian flu, risking the development of flying pig flu? awesomely funny
pmsl ... we had **** everywhere too. but no more. love it. my wool stash today though
oh no! hope you find your voice soon
i don't feel like having to reboot  if only osx supported hibernate & reboot in bootcamp... -.-
my public talk in july got canceled and i don't know why.
alexxx im gona miss you today. im so sad, noooooooo
watching george lopez. went to my school and played some basketball. today was pretty nice. and hot!
i had 2 buy a new washer, bought the dryer 2.  dryer labeled electric but is gas   grrr.  now we have 2 load it up tomorrow 2 return it.
the justice left when dj talent was voted off (n)
_peter let's smoke and watched dazed and confused. that's a perfect pizza movie too
working until10
put ad on craigslist/quebec 4 tan salad plates with bird drawings  can only do 1 area @ time. i still need 3 more. got 2 at my tuesday am
had  a little family party tonight   hope it rocked
i'm so sad, really really sad
i designed a new shirttttt.
whoo hoo. congrats on getting under 200lbs
part of an ar-15. actually the only part of one that qualifies as a gun. you have to be 21 to buy them without parts on them.
what up ab circle! anddd it's still in the box  f work
i can't breathe well but turns out i'm not crazy.  just inflammed lungs
waiting for natie to come online i miss him.
i'd love that. and, don't think of it as easy. think of it as enthusiastic.
freesat's coverage (sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!
that truely is sad news to hear  we are all created equal, so sad to know our neighbors are such prejudice people
btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
_20 i hope he does it soon, and i know i hate fakes
just ripping here.  that ad buy i was going to speak w/you about looks to be on hold for a bit. company changed hands. :-/
: sir ! everything will be great inshaa'allah
fighting with nagios configuration.  great tool but the config is a bit of a labour
oy, im such a nerd..im writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to 'strange activities'
where you at?   no tweeting today? no gardening either, i bet?
this week has dragged a bit for me too  have an essay to write about the seaside then im seeing eddie izzard tonight x
oh ... you've been superseeded?  not good enough
_kaufer you cant argue w/them, as they actually have zero things to complain about so they make stuff up
_lia  are the drugs working?
do you have any idea when the (not so) patient fans will see some teaser pics of you all in costume?
stupid liars. glad they are ignorant, because i had a blast!!
hello, yourself. enjoy london. watch out for the hackneys. they're mental.
oh dear, what a rotten life you lead, not!
: out to dinner for the fam and grandma for mother's day.
ty sweetheart
niggas got they eyes on me and i aint talkin bout da bm when i say i got 745 on me
_carter  ey boy!! i canï¿½t see the video because youtube says me :the vid is private. why?  i want to see it. besos grandes guapo!!
wow, that's good
what a gorgeous day!! and i'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so
just woke up. gonna have a shower and go to nan's for mother's day lunch. happy mother's day
how is everyone on this fine monday?   what is everyone's opinion of the new wolverine movie?
headed to the hospital. i can't take the pain anymore
'the complete black books' just arrived ... looking forward to some entertaining #tv nights!  #dvd
ooh, jealous. i just have yoghurt and some carrots.
so from this moment foward, imma have to spend my money wisely. no dress and shoe shopping every week. no more pigging out @ my fav rest.
try to play john travolta's 'grease lightning' bassline.. it's cool
link per my daughter  us.mobile.reuters.com/mobile/m/anyarticle/p.rdt?url=[URL]
woooooooooo   are you coming to nottingham at any point?  lovelovelove<3
enjoy! family trumps everything
just left you a message! hope you get it
bored out of my mind!  lol
just finishing studying for lsats and watching vh1 soul
sleeeep. good day, nice night, comfy bed.
saw your pics, so awesome!
make sure ur plantin next to the water in the soil
_guy in the past it was ok but since iï¿½ve got my own appartment, my own car........itï¿½s very difficult to save the money
bouta donate blood! ahhhhh!
methinks it's time to read a doll's house + streetcar and get some quotes, and then physics!
just got back from school! ugh i don't want to go to the dance tonight
yes... today is star wars day!    may the 4th be with you!
how very rude fof them, you poor girl i hope you recovered from that  awful site
i'm going big weekend  cant wait to see u! x
spent a little too much $ at wombat, but it's cool 'cuz it was time to take care of tamara good.  yay!
thanks for the props
is competition around the corner? if not take it slow for at least a week. twisted my ankle back in jc, awfully painful.
in y!m, when you sign in and sign out repeatedly, you're not annoying.
it's raining cats and dogs in gda?sk today , looks nice 'though through a window
nooo, i'm not in love.  i'm just developing a crush. a small one. heehee.  my second one. shadduppp.
i cant sleep
i'm very upset right now, like i can't even formulate a complete thought....
today more sore than surgery day. glad i took extra sick day.  full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  calling lawn service firms today
is hungryyyyyyy!! going to eat traditional indian food...the pakistani way. woowoo!  hahaha! >[_()\/3
oh my gosh!!! hollyoaks was so sad tonite
i sent my donation to #eric and wanted to put the banner on, but my avatar disappeared when i tried ~
just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
i'm thinking the 'chevrolet doom' would be fitting for gm
why can't i make a phone call! i hate this anxiety ****. someone cure me
you can't.  my grandma will probably be on the phone. so get on aim!
wishing all the mothers a happy mother's day
just got home from the bank, the teller was definitely hitting on me. not interested.
i have to spend lots of  our money on a new boiler...great!!! not so lucky hey
starting my 2nd shift! im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game!
copy & paste **** **** tosser piss flap a 10000000000 times !!!!
fuuuuuuuudgeee i burned my finger with oil! it hurts
friday is not treating me well so far.
well it's nice to 'see' you. have a great day and tweet again soon
remember, dont let your small list cover your big list...its too little to even worry about it.
i mean we mite do sumthn.... what u doin hope i get 2 c u b4 u head bak
hi rob!
_j we're in the same boat.
so tired from school and work. shower than neighboures.
hope yer ok hunny
yeah it was great to be outside without rain/snow & cold air! love the sunny days
i wanted to see the story on acorn tonight on glen beck but i missed it
going to ek nao... will meet bloggers there instead of makati  [URL]
i'm pretty sure isis has a tapeworm.  so she's allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
much to my surprise, i was using my credit card before the crack dawn to do some serious online gambling. one problem: it wasn't me.
smh dats whack
yeah but there are like 5,000 types of snakes..and it's wicked wicked wicked hot...and idk. i don't think i'd like it
_raven oh, i'm skeptical too. i just think it's the best thing he could have said under the circumstances
i think i may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away
how old is jonathan jr? i've got four cockatiels, they're two years now
thank you.
: aww im sorry honey.  that stinks
right all strapped in and ready to go   [URL]
but i don't want to hurt you
toris was so fun! jb movie was absolutely amazing! and i had a good day at work!  yay i loved the movie! :0
you make me happy, whether you know it or not  <3
that sucks!!
let's continue being productive today
meeting up with strangers. lol. alone in vegas. amazing.
suh-weet! perfect timing.
_guy iï¿½m afraid yes - both are true  i hope u r not disappointed yet
its tomorrow!!!!
so much for having a fun day off at the brewer game... at home, sick
hence the smiley face.  ha ha ha ha. lol yeah i'm hong to be tired as **** tomorrow. but guess what i do not care.
im still melting and im in the house in the shade  its not fair.
ooh, there you are, haha. thanks, posted it!
right..  making compromises is what kills us!
in worst case cenario, i'll show up on offf with a white mask, and scare everyone. even better: everyone should wear a mask besides me.
is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4  2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
i love you and day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that i liked it
i feel lazy watching other people work on my roof!  kat woman out
[URL] - have a safe journey back home hope you come back soon
re: hulu desktop in windows 7 media center  [URL] not on extenders unfortunately
smooches to you as well, have a great day!
twilightguy.com kalebnation.com youtube.com/kalebnation put him on the show! sry for spamming but we love him
aww
ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh, still hurting from the barca spanking
iphone today! i want to see the morning of in virginia beach, but i don't think i can get there
awwww..... thought it'd be a 'yummy' experience.  will try it next time. kapag magkakasama ulet tayo nila mapet ;-)
i need to do some more post but i don't have time on this tour  ........... apologies to all my supporters.
um yeah ... role model for your peers you may not be.   but, i know you will be for your little one, so chin up.
whooop! you got me on twitter!!  dang our line of communication keeps growing!
totally forgot she had soccer today. ugh  today was actually good too...
it wasn't loading.
oops too late
did you kno that  is amazing  and i've known him since he got twitter and his most tweeted words are 'know' 'haha' '****'..
dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today
i find mondays are the busiest days. i come into work, and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends.
am i too late for a cuppa?
so ur moomie liked the pandora? you can buy me one next lol
i have heard that about a lot of programs like that, we go to a large chain of learning centers, sorry for you!
i know
lol, sounds fun
why yes jeeves. bring me that noose there  too many assignments!
gooood party last night (: although i am extremely tired now. xd off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day
good morning  it's raining here.
with your bicycle?
i won't b hereeeeee. imma b in georgia  and then i'm off to la. grrrrrr!
[URL]  this is cool, van helden.
loves florida but misses her american friends
14 pages left to read, then it will be time to start all over again, and again.  off to lunch duty...love 6th graders
is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
they shall win
_face  and nana.wish i was there last night
a little 'chair lift' tonight would be muchly appreciated
because you're not exactly in those parts of northern emirates  it was 5.3 richter i think.
wants to greet all the mom's out there a happy mothers day!!! may you enjoy your day!!
so vacation is good so far?
yeah the tomato paste and oil is traditional on a sandwich.. eat it with some olives and maltese cheese  yum!
i lost a follower
im feelin rite.. the mood flor twitter after dark...
but this little boy still makin me  work during the storm!!!
washed eye out but got water up my sleeve
happy b-day sharon
dis **** usb charger is good for nothin. gotta find that verizon store. my fone been dead since last nite
*kiss kiss* stu deezy off to bed to have sweet dreams of you ma'am  hehe xxoxo
an elephant? lol try painting it from the back
yeah i know  been dealin with it for over 2 yrs now
things aren't just as easy and simple as they seem to be.
going to learn the hoedown throwdown today.
is on twitter for the second day running. this is what study leave does to me! if only my car were in one piece
good time rocking out @ open mic, thanks 4 all the love n support. now working on business plan presentation. no cg again 2nite
watching 'slice of life' (laughing at the songgg) and then going to sleep
_j_stuart unfortunately not yet, i am still without licence.
kyles going out of town this weekend  play time wif my fwiends. rawrrr.
gah! didn't realize my meeting was from 9-12
needs a job
is satisfied with her fp'09 review
cuz ima always late haha dammit she got me good
- i know! it was drizzling all the way to work!  hope it warms up this weekend....
ow... my shoulder muscle (i can't remember the name :p) hurts... what did i do?  i don't even know
i wish i could afford to attend those benefits.
inshalla! devo i wont be at the astor tonight
nope not going be able to finish it tonight, got a few other things to do before bed
nope.. sliverlight is client a side tech
ooh ouch!   lovely weather but ****! cover up sugar! x
anybody else think that #win7 is pretty much vista sp2?
oooh the hangover
being updated to have multiple 'skins' for different gt members. nightmare. 82k of css to hack!  no time to redo; woe is me.
okay, need to hit the sack.  i gotta wake up in like 5 hours   goodnight everyone!
just trying to make you feel at home?
is warm soy milk and amazake with cocoa powder and agave
follow me aswel !!!!!!!! if u have twitter, follow me lool !! www.twitter.com/djarka  koool
just got back from apple store in robina. managed to get a replacement iphone because it couldn't access the web properly. so shiny
aww poor caity  :l add people n they will add you
my attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing.
very bad things.......i need to stop thinking!
ummm not with me?
phone will die soon. what to do now? oh no!
im very much excited to go back to school
happy mother's day to my beautiful mommies
listening to faith spirituality and the internet
?? sorry you posted the vid again, but it won't load for me...
about to run the hinckley half marathon!  fingers crossed for a <1h30m time
no water park today? made me jealous looking at that pic
dad's posting got postponed one hour before he was meant to leave. either going to afganistan or nowhere. i'm sorta happy  but he's gutted
in pain,, poor me, i hate the sun
yep, tomorrow night, 10:30! just saw the ad *squeals* loved this season
f.y.i. a lot of you people that are following me i have unfollowed a lot of you  yer kinda boring me or not really helpful to my e-growth!
don't really feel like i got a tan  i gave up and am working out instead. skin cancer is overrated. <3 cj
enjoying time with the g/f
i can't  has blocked me.  i can't even request
planning how to move back home...the regression process is in motion
getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight...
scotts the only guy for me   good night<3
that david -- nice to know he feels so comfortable 'twitting' or 'tweeting' us.   i have a feeling he misses home.
**** - apple store is down for updates... what's coming, i wonder?
****, can't sleep.  feening for cigs. i'm horrible. :x
- that is awesome.
yesh and that potato guy is online... but hes not live
wow...i have to many bookmarks...i just spent a good hour organizing
fab wedding yesterday, feet still sore from dancing so must be a good sign. v glad to wake up in my own bed this morning
i just want somebody to love, and who loves me. i think and day-dream about about that constantly.
i know, right? i'm super-excited - i told y'all this is the busiest time of year for me
is there something wrong with the internet in chelmsford? my tv on demad isnt working right and my internet is super slow
goin to bed w/smokey!!!!!
tried to do an audioboo recording but it' distorted due to the high volume  #obs
need to come up with another blog post today. but for now, i am sleeeeeppyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
good job i have the track in my head, cos sadly can't access it, boo
you better come back soon! <3
want: to play sacred 2... reality: spend all day at the hosp...
traffic jams are rubbish. anyone know what's going on on the a48 between cowbridge and cardiff? we're stuck both directions
she's gone   i miss my kay way already
sitting in bed where i will be for the weekend.
yay! go taylor swift!! come to australia again!!!
missing nathan and the bccg already. and my best friends that tried to visit me   heading back tomorrow afternoon.
download movie  'still waiting...' [URL] cool #movie
i have a better idea: need a couple hour of relax. bed time. sweet dreams to everyone!  love u all
still bored but not long now till the next tour date
looking forward to coffee and driving tomorrow. really
on jacksonville beach walking in the cold **** water   but have to work in the morning   ily <('-')>
going to work
finished the noodles. done the dishwasher. really really warm. i don't like it
9. shopping 10. latte with my sis 11. friday- meets at the fau 12. fire- steet- party  13. slowmotion in the park 13. partying my bday
hey  wow cheers for the insight ppl  looks fun oh im just stunned..it's aweomse!!!   (robluketic live > [URL]
good morning
been so busy for the entire week. be able to take a breath next tuesday
possessed beyond certainty that she has made the rite decision
yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  !
home friday makes me  too!!!
yeah, i think you're hyper enough girly.
:3, youtube loves my hd videos  well maybe.
omds! holly steel, bless her!  x
somebody please save the polar bears!
christian lacroix, and one of our on-off clients, gone bust.  [URL]
i don't feel any pressure right now...    happy mother's day people...
_c re:headaches my wife is in the same situation and has finally decided to go with meds because its just too much
lazy day in is awesome but i really should go out
how about we play tomorrow?
yes unfuzzy, i prefer the fuzzy me and clear caleb..  wanna turn back the clock!
new day in new home   happy mom day 2 me!
my momma is comin 2night !  2morrow tennis day with p?nar yuppie !
ohhh  only a bit of time left to have an account on the forums.. i do hope i get to be a leader some day :/
just got back from my exam... im surely gonna fail...now trying 2 get tickets 4 il divo! someone doesnt want us 2b there!!!
.: no health insurance is not an option.
the devil you say!  i've been waiting for the black widow in movies and now she won't be awesome at all.
yay! now ill shall take your picture, and get a tattoo on my arm
man waking up sucks when u have to go to work like 30 min later
had a great time talkin with mike tonight for three hrs.
you suck
so see you on my birthday visit me  haha why wack saturday ?
in two months i will have something of the kinf of prom  and i'm really excited! and you haven't any contact to her?
the case for my ipod touch is literally falling apart.  so junk
i got it!
yess, they came to amsterdam on the 18th of april  best night everr! have you?
i love you mooorrreeee
filipino prof...is her name gorayeb? by any chance?
i dont care who gets mad. i like speaking my mind. im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! **** u!
thank you  btw, if u're wondering, you can check out the 'fuel' brand here (  )
thursday night was amazing taylor swift gave me one of her braclets
bank holiday rock seems so fitting  ? [URL]
throat infection coming on strong i think  i can taste blood :s
thanks
greatings from planet shannan, we have laded once again on your lanet & hopefull we come in peace =/ hmm...haiaa
just finnished my double cheeseburger. it was good  ready to watch the spanish f1
i cant to sleep and tomorrow i must wake up too early
i wasn't given an exact date, but it shouldn't be much longer. please accept our apologies for the inconvenience!
physics  the most boring class ever!
gaahhhh! i want my #comet09 stream back...
family...friend... it's good for the industry i plan on going into...far far away from ohio  i hate it here.
yey finally home
maybe cause you look so innocent
i'm a little sad that school ended today i'm moving so i'm going to miss all my new friends from this year.    just got a hair cut
i will - but you will never know it's me
oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my twitter empire.... again....
oh i see who u mean now-tht heltershelter person lol. yer looks scary
i knew i should've worn the sars mask on the plane from socal.. feeling the beginnings of a sore throat
maybe next time. can't be away this weekend as much as i'd like to jump in the car and go. ::pout::
i dont really know..i saw it on the gadget show about something thatmakes messages easier to find or something thank you
lakers tomorrow  kb and df ftw!
aw. nick got his heart broken.  poor baby. i love you!
yep, so i **** it.
hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl.
i'll wear mine too!
quite all right. **** sounds better than clock coming from a female anyway
oops, me and my drunken stupor lol. ima check it out
soo sick. i hate my life
i hate waiting in lines
i wanna watch that movie again. maybe that dvd will work in my laptop since dawson's creek doesn't
oh my god, i finally found someone online! haha
had a good time at flap-a-taco with , , and
ahh retweet everything i say!
yeah the weather ruined my plans too  i was gonna beach it up as well
why am i limited to only being able to sync with 1 ms exchange account on iphone?  ... same goes for outlook. why... [URL]
cheers!  i'd like to thank zbrush for making it all possible
its an undeniable truth.  i suck at talking to people.  no good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant
san diego! move down here! although whether right now is pretty cold. im waiting for the suck so i can go surf  i love you
i gotta say, i feel bad for everyone in nkorea.  they're starving, and they have a crazy in charge who endangers them daily.
_tastic great  cant you twitter from there?
kinda feeling in a reggae mood.... hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend
it was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
okay will work on that too but please remind me again
feeling so rough today, just want a cuddle and some sleep
i listen it right now - so much fun!!!  no i just have to get it somehow
awww, a very happy birthday to him
you work really hard so, sometimes you need a break, haha.  so, yeah...just let me know if you need help in anythin'.
: you must watch grey's. it was their 100th episode. let me know once you do. i don't want to give out any more details
oh great, radio disney doesn't crash with the latest webkit, so my kid can run it again. hey wait.
congratulations! woootwoooo!   great game!  nakaka-hyper kayo!
sorry for your loss.  i know how you feel.  she or he was a lucky cat.
would that just eat away at your masculinity? what masculinity did you have? :p haha u'd probs beat me tho  haha xo
i'm in ad for another week- visa work
scii-fi effects definitely look silly no doubt but its worth a watch inspite of that!!
yogurting. home from lady mona's, on the fone w no song from yoplait. lookin forward to hrs w  tmorrow & rehearsals  gnight all!
still soo tired..not ready to get up for the day...work again
me too, it sucks
actually, i like almost everything about my job right now. except the part where it's not permanent
going out to miranda shopping centre to spend time with the family, before going away for 2 weeks to malaysia. gonna miss them!
et's genitals are in his magic glowing finger
wanna go out
apparently tv could not be fixed  on the plus side, we are being refunded the cost of it and can buy a new one.
is taking the dog to the vet then a play date with annabelle
i love broughty ferry
the seat was a nice place to go
listening to the new green day album  fingers crossed!
@_mintyfresh thanks very much!!
my mother is taking gambit to the vet today. i hope it's nothing too serious.
needs to escape from this town. getting ready. seeyuhhh.
mmmm, i had honey mustard chicken w/ rice & veges
missing mrs mcfox
_miacherry morning kik enjoy your breakfast
the sun is wonderful but makes me feel incredibly fat.. the less clothes and more exposure thing  today i diet. again......
at last i wr0te again....got bored the previous dayss....
she! maybe that was our first mistake.  not everyone is as cool as   (brown nose moment)
internet is getting **** slow today..
went out to get groceries...prices are inflating  gas went up another 10 cents to hit $2.49... #tcot
watching spongebob
absolutely! lookin' forward to it
oh gaha no of course i wasn't offended why would i be?  i'd love to play for you some day
fighting a migraine   medication is almost working.
to cold for the beach  sucky.
picture day for 3 yo preschooler. light blue striped utton down and kahkis.  wonder what color they will be when i pick him up in 3 hours
i ask myself that all the time.
welcome to twitter... it's about time!
swords make everyone sexy.  oh, harold.
my club card and picture and i just cured world hunger! and made of gold! this thing is awesome! too bad you don't have yours.
this twittername is hosted by twitterfridge. email us if you want us to open the fridge  check: www.twitterfridge.com
excited for rove tonight! jennifer garner and gina riley!
i def will. if anyone leaves the room for a second he has to follow. he's a really great dog otherwise so far.
is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery!
i really, really want a golden retriever. too bad i won't be living in a home where she could run around for about 10 years
feel better!   c's been teething all week & its been rough...
working technology! i love you waz!
i'm so down again.  i wish i could share my problems with someone...
likes patricia's dress
urban think fail. chai latte is not good there
its rained ever day in miami since i've been here.....
trying to open a .docx file on my virtual system while i'm under the dryer. but it only has office 2007,
yes! that sounds like a great idea. message me on lj about it
chocolate milk and subway. mmm
tweet **** ? i am up to 10,000 tweets
im sowwie i was a lil late  lol it looked good though ;)
you've got to have standards alice otherwise were would we be ,,,,,? you got to enjoy life it's what life is for
your window ledge is decorated quite appropriately. i love it
goodnight everyone.
idk why im so hyper im jumping everyhere. ugh lets let it be friday sweeney todd then cinco de mayo il those parties
morrrning. time for school. (: time to learn!
partied long and hard...goodnight twitter see ya in the mornin
bed. with stomach ache
one more final
july 8th flight gets in, my mate here is on about goin hm early so am all
yay! thanks for the #followfriday. #failfriday is still winning, though.
my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
i miss you!!  stupid work!
gettin some fuel, too bad no one is reading this!
kh is the only thing i'll be a weeaboo about.  i still prefer it in english but i'm impatient, haha
i was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but i didnt like it so much
that sounds awesome..
is it? :o im gonna get that
everything is annoying me today
[URL] :: from ate kaila ocampo  of the.rainbowholic.me&&eerie-silence.net
how did day 26 go from a good budget video (imma put it on her) to such a low budget video (stadium music) the end may be near for them
i think you and tamera should have your own show anyway...the cw or abc fam is not appreciating you like they should.
yeah that too
hasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time!
no problem. unfortunately, i think it was just something i had to sort out on my own.
is still sick  sigh
wooo what a fight !!! goooo vicky , i am with you
you two are hilaaaaarious, i love it. vernae where have you been  ?
**** my life.
paid bills. we get water and electricity for another month  woot.
10pm tonight, international space station will by over head, through most of texas at least
[URL] - what i woke up to this morning...i didn't want to leave bed.
done! goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me
feels accomplished!!!  she got a lot done today! [URL]
16 days until i start moving!
something strange in the air lately. been setting everyone on edge. going to do a good smudging of the house. good to do those anyway
omgggg!! hawaii!! that's amazing!! i wanna live there
i forgot i set my itunes to display by play count last night. i didn't understand why taylor swift was in front of belinda. haha.
_brody what is bf ? is it a glue ?
alkaline trio was sweet, saves the day sucked.  but i had a great time anyways.  it was awesome seeing everybody and hangin out
i'm on my way to see '17 again'.  i've wanted to see it for a looong time
i absolutly love kill bill vol. 1!!! i think lucy liu is sooo gorgeous!!!!
_by_spork haha i like it anyway, although i miss the spork in the pic... where did it go?
ohay clean teeth
well i'm gonna go now.  goodbye all.
where are you going paris?
i miss the jokes and making fun of ppl and throwing ideas for songs, movies, and shows at eachother the most.  that'll never go away...
that's so you!
also, happy star wars day!!!
good morning in twitterville. off to work i go...chat @ all of u later
i also have to make space on my computer for the game. i don't meet the minimum requirements for sims 3 at the moment
i'll keep that in mind if i decide to add an la leg  to my westt coast stint in june
@ the san antonio missions game waitressing. not a huge crowd.  meaning a slow game.
well... i hate to leave.... but i must sleep! g'night y'all and hope to chat later!  enjoy my li'l night owls!
found some great places but i might have to play it safer and wait 2 years till my car is paid off
we want ot protect moleskineï¿½ notebooks worldwide. that is all.
got to go shopping with wife down to tesco's. i knew my day was going to well.
morning all. i appear to have a bit of a sore head. perhaps the bag of pork scratchings for dinner wasn't such a good idea
_2008 don't be sorry  you can race for charity or just for fun. i do this one for fun.
haha you didnt see my macbook or my 24'' imac in that pic, so feel extra jealous lolll
can't wait for it. i love your scripts. honestly, you should have a future career as a script writer  - stock twits
hey!  sorry for the late reply.but i do plan on posting on both facebook and twitpic.
made a little cover for my iphone.  the birds aren't upside down on the back  [URL] & [URL]
#followfriday thank you!  i'm still not even close to what i had as
please check out www.mysweetebony.com and lmk what you think  ... my first paysite ... post up your site too!
work was splendid
done a bump out and now back in bed seemingly unable to muster the energy to get up again  sundays are great.
at pool in orlando got new kicks  going to seaworld tommrow miss my best friend
_x i've got my essay plan written out now  looking for a couple of references, then i'll get writing!
father is staying home and conference calling. sorry
why are the sinks in hospital toilets so low? now the **** of my grey suit is spattered with water! just in time for physio
snl w/ justin timberlake
: i like your crazy and witty humor!
just paid $221/mo for a dedicated server . would rather get a slice , but i using ms sql
well best of luck
yeah it does...i had fun today...i regret not taking that cup now...it was awesome...i must find one just like it now
going to eat rice and fried chicken from sederhana  the padang restaurant! yummy!
i dont even have a wii! b likes xbox, so that's what we have  do you use it?
ughhhh.... sad day.
wishing it was a sunny day, then i might just be bothered to get outta bed! ..up the blues
wishes he had realized his wife hadn't held onto the debit card before he took a long walk to get lunch and not after.  grrr!
how is she spoilt? she's like 10? 11? that was hard for her to be put up in front of 14m people.  she's really young.
_ada_franco i am working again!  woo hoo!  alas, i was unable to obtain an elita-1 for your daughter.  it's $80!
that's great news
school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo...ughhhh!!
i alreay feel the hang over. soooo worth it
cleaning time soon
he'll be 3 in july! i'm just soo stoked!!!!  especially since he sleeps with us lol  he refuses to wear diapers anymore
low low low low low low low low low.............................
_monk neither are elp!!
_henrie i would still rather be in your shoes instead in bed bc i work from 10-9 tommorow. i love cold weather.
have $#@&!!! malware on my work pc!  i miss having an it dept
, heeeey dear! finally found!
i have to study :o talk to you later  ****
i knew a horse called dollar too
she still got it going on!
can't wait for  live! it's ages away but still i should do a  and plan what i'm going to wear lol
starbucks with mother
im had to leave early to go to piccolo practice.
ah its getting there  still a fair bit to go, but it's coming together fairly well! aw  where are you from?
did you know call of duty has a scenario game called 'nazi zombies?' it's awesome and scary at the same time
lol @ me and  whispering so we don't get in trouble and being almost 30! feels great to be home feeling like kids
[URL] - looks great!  love the way they did the bottom.
writing my first tweet
just wondering if you are going to put 'one too many' on itunes.  i hope you do, it is the only cd of yours i don't have.
i know, thx  but i'll be ok.
just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!
hah! thanks.
deff workin this weekened
ok thats it.... sleep time
nice start to the holiday!
took me 2 times to get over the wall. what killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over.
i accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk
about to lock in on getting better  staying +
oh, i totally want to see star trek!  but kristine had already seen it with her hubby.
i think  has found it ([URL] , but i can't play it
finally shifted from twhirl to tweetdeck so i can filter through my close friends' updates  happy monday peeps
**** it! must be morrisons then
that was ****.
nooooo i hate traffic
!! i miss you too.
i am so sorry i missed your tweet  i was on a nice long chat across the border with pastel. did you want the recipe? email?
cupcakes gave me heartburn
jumping im the shower after a long day of work  it shall feel ahmazing i can math!
i got no followers i only have like 2  someone follow me please?
_09  ii no!  grr   oooh aiden lol   x
woohoo! procrastinating doing any work by going out to lunch! have to wait for my sister now though  dang it
pandora is blocked at my work  bummed
they never cease to amaze me.
_lick sounds like you need a week of digital detox
'they say i look yummy & they want a taste, but i'm a human not a sandwich.' lmfao makes me
been there!  need somewhere new
no panasonic charger.sorry
i'll be back home on monday.
thats much better than the flu syndrome!
no prob, you have a sexy site there
hate being skint  anybody want to give me another job? haha!
johnny actually invited me to the movies but i have too many things to do before the concert
[URL] - this day is soo stressful! geee.. lunch was a blast tho! how are you guys??
what up lisa, sorta quiet... i'm usa, so gonna crash soon.
2.5 years here & left dell okc for the last time. and being the geeky girl i am, i waited to cry until i got in my car.  love you all!
my windows open and its not that cold ahahah
_jayr oh, i know how budgeting is.
i would if i wasn't working today.
my favourite photo (that i took) from last night: [URL] can't wait to see 's pics
i've got an urge to make music like massively.. i'm going to the studio
just email em to the email i gave u thanx awesome person
happy mother's day! everyone have a great day and make sure you go see ya mommas
trance or drum'n'bass are awesome for working!!  *dances it out*
omg!! hahaha! i thought you were joking about twittering that, hahaha!! awesome, good times were had by all
i wish i could buy blink 182 presale tickets, but i totally don't have the money right now. guess i have to wait for general admission...
just got back from  's party! sooo much fun! boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and i just told my mom happy mother's day
art history quiz...  i didn't study
is that it's welsh name?
it's just one day... do a week of 60hrs to compensate
husband is golfing & the toddler and i shall frolic. am i the consummate mama in that im so happy with my day?
yay happy mothers day to me  screw burnt breakfast in bed i'll take some e.  (erniehalter live > [URL]
loving the hot weather forecast for the rest of the week!!!!  summer is almost heeeeere
yaaaaaay i get to see you too   looking forward to cupcakes and fun.
_xox  oh god, everyone's dying.  but it's mainly justin depressing me
[URL]  you are not alone in your disbelief but i am quite happy with evolution. it beats the alternatives posited
haha you have a better life than most. we should go get drinks again soon. jury duty has been boring
i know, and we gotta wait until earl 2010, i think or very late 2009! its just wrong
moment over.... fly now in car
_watkins oh my gosh ian i always miss you when your on
good morning! i'm just woke up it's mother's day
painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn
goodmorning. my father's going balistic, and i'd say more but i'd rather not get beat, so have a good day, and please text me
super bueno ftw!!! i am so proud of you guys.
#fieldnotes i ordered some on the 8th and they still haven't arrived. 3 weeks and still no books
watching jon & kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing
i work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave, and all believe we would make more money if he wasn't here
oh i am so sure they do get everything. they live their like celebrities
i know i have lots of emails to answer! i will be home tomorrow
my poor wife.  i'm laid up for another 6 hours on doctors orders, then can't do much and she is dealing with screaming baby
there is good cholesterol. there are no good tumors.
that was such a tease!  i cant wait til sunday!!  but then after that, nothing until november   oh well, i can wait!
loaded up box of recyle stuff for salvation army,but took  corner too fast..everything is all over the back.might have to recycle to dump
gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy
looks like the eprocurement e-mail address from office mate is blacklisted by it here.. asking them to whitelist now.
well can ya please send some luvin to    im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now...
just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! oh and tomorrow night! great
:: i know the feeling  its a little depressing :s
feeling like romeo and juliet with bryant and wallinwood as the montagues and capulets...   #fb
_schulz lucky u;-) no park for me  maybe for a short period ... i really have some stuff to be done untill wed ...
sucky day so far hope it gets better
**** you and your hot weather - it's freezing in oz at the moment  i miss summer..
i'm glad that i called him cause our relationship is clear now. just happy to hear his voices eventhough he's absent from school
uh-oooh my throat is scratchy
man i wont be home to co host with you!  xo*blair
haha, yeah. it was here and there before but now it's constant
didnt do my devos...  hopefully my day doesnt suck because of it.
....if you see christoph please tell his lunch was packed this morning and he left it in the fridge
no! i would like this! yesterday, i talked with alyso stoner xd and benton sent me a private messae and coment me here!
hahaha we just won't tell him will we?
ughhhhhhhhhhhh  :/
i got so much gray hair all of a sudden.  i just ordered me some garnier roasted coffee from drugstore.com, well see how that goes.
i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
geez why do u have to be so obvious?
if i may suggest: [URL]
lmfaaoooo i just watched the pink video....you know me to well i love it...soooo me lol
lol - that's what hubby's are there for, to think their wives are nuts.
apparently even novell moonlight doesn't work on my jaunty
people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair.
got three shots today.   i can't lift my arms...
bad day, just got worse...
just woke up, i'm starving
for some reason, corona light tastes so much better when i am with you than it does when i am alone.   [URL]
let the right one in? aparently drag me to hell also has some horrible cat nastiness
happy mothers day! ..ok..seriously..good night
trying to recover photos after a problem between windows and my xd card. result: shots are all half visible  **** microsoft...
well, there is that...
ï¿½anisalovesu me too. i am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a jared hug tomorrow
wish i could listen but because i'm from canada, the website won't let me!
_**** not as yet... i would just like to know if its okay for your mum before ask my mumm  hopefuly there gonna tell us soon!!!
i guess you are not interested !!
i hate funerals.
the sun is out here in melbourne! happy mothers day to all the mums out there
i don't know what that means, sorry
saw you walking back from starbucks. i was in the orange beetle
lol yea i know! i'm almost done with my semester this week  yay!!
just got back from my grandparents suprise 60th anniversary party...it was sooooo much fun!!!
its too early
i wish my blog was working properly - i have a great #followfriday blog post i wanted to showcase!
mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier, yummmmmyyyy also herbs are always good although better when shared
oh no. opera 10 is not google friendly  *weeps*
well, another family was chosen for the child we interviewed for  back to looking for another kid
_58 i also like 'aasman ke paar shaayad'
hates bleech!! messed up my black outfit
i spent my whole dream cooking a delicious meal, but i woke up before i got to try it
the ship has landed.
kyle can make fart noises with his armpit
hope schools gonna be good tomorrow
watching the movie 1984 for my book report  im lazy to read
is going to see wolverine and is a lil bit excited
i feel like **** cause i couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!
bet sexy; i added u on myspace!
i just dyed my hair
i mean monday take the test monday!!!! please o please !
i need a blackberry
found my book. starting a real paper-bound journal tonight. have an annoying zit above my lip. makes me look like i have herpes
fantastic day in the az sun
i like mine green  just somehow doesn't taste minty otherwise .. heh heh.
scratchy scratchy throat. warm fluids needed
o sweet i saw him last year with kenny & sugarland will be with kenny this year.. i have seen them b4... love them.. gknight
i got followed by one that says she doesn't talk to 'god people'-i wonder if she talks to 'goddess people?'
wee arr sowbur i promiss. the styoopid flying thing hazzunt kum owt agane. itt iz hyding sumware and larffing att us.
would like june the nineteenth to hurry it self up, as she is waiting very impatiently to see wes carr
sometimes i hate myself, but that's normal so i don't worry bout it
_crow morning!
you're very welcome
thanks
is with our dog at the doggy park!
nice capture
*yaaaawwwwnnnn* thx to bank holiday... let's see what today has prepared for us...
lol thanx, me too!
if you've ever seen the way  uses his browser he probably has like 5 copies of it running.   [URL]
trying to go to sleep but no luck  i think i'm sick... =s
next song to be axed by me ombra mai fï¿½ -ï¿½ largo ï¿½ hï¿½ndel
im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me
_654  it's this damp weather...
i cba with it now   ohwell might play another innabit
this is cool  [URL]
new work wellness challenge not going well.  i committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  failed on first day.  twice
good morning tweeps! monday got here way too soon! hope you are having a good one, at least as good as it can get for a monday
whew. finally done editing my friendster account. haha! oh, geez. i'm hungry.
_aries me and that person have something in common then! lol jk....
if you're flying to nz www.hot.co.nz is a great way to get results in aggregate.
toast in the morning
that really sucks i feel bad for you at least i woke up at eight.
[ i'm not sure what you mean by 'blowin this joint'?? '] rb lol lol good one......  ? [URL]
haha...ooh it was gorgeous wasn'****!! and a whole weekend more to follow!! ouch...i had blisters from my shoes yesterday
played some mythic brawl in order to get a good screenshot. instead, i got a perfection!
i wanna go but my car not here...
i find this tune to be very sexy. smooth... have a lovely day  ? [URL]
thank a yoou  how are you? #twittertakeover
band work. i need my own laptop!  buy me one ill drive your shifts forever!
thanx 4 thee follow
'suprised' mom with a cake and a present, because it's mother's day!  dad had bought flowers. : >
your highness...........................crystalmariedontluvspiteanymore
thanks to all the people who added me on skype  if you want to add me, my name is same as my twitter name, and my yt name, and blogtv, etc
wasssup cocoliciousness!!! i knew u didn't recognize me!  how's ur daughter?
my 21month daughter's seperation anxiety is intense. it's killing me. i cant leave her sight without her breaking into an anxiety attack
i forgot about it and i already ate lunch  so i guess i'm not going.
yeah i know what you mwan.
gmail
fml dad didnt leave me any moneyz, so i have 2 wait till he gets home   call me when you finish work?
but  humira isn't right for everyone. some respond better to enbrel. ask your rheumy. but not much long-term testing done
nothing yet
officially out of my apt  learned some stuff about the crazy neighbors that used to live across the hall....scary!
_c ive sorted it now operating system and all apps are on a seperate 60gb drive
then he has gone down in my estimation
oh, not just his ims, but also from all my friends who im me! this really sucks, i am always not around!
dude, i miss the 90's.   btw, the name of my mix is 'damn the man! save the 90's!' hahaha
what a **** shame all that body to waste
off for a loooong weekend of inlawing...  ... ...
didn't realize you were that young! advanced happy birthday stefan. mtfbwy... always!
sitting watching britain's got f all talent, but have watched a small girl cry and it's sad
oh no! oprah jumped in front again
sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  but you know i have 3 kids ....
it's cause you give me a reason to assume.  - [URL]
thank you so much. that was so nice of you and i was happy to hear you voice  you've really started something good!! xo
moment of truth!! im nervous for her!
1000 = make sure it has the word poo or balls in it  underbelly does suck balls... i gave up on it in wk 3.
ooh good then  thank you for the heads up bro
i agree with _crazy it's not worth it - block them & let twitter police know about harrassment.
needs a job badly!!!
wow  that had to be difficult
i think that studying has really started taking its toll..
i did a couple hours ago...ive got sun burn and its really uncomfortable
missing my baby ducks
hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #morrissey gig at brixton is postponed.   only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
i hate the dryer.
_lambert fans from outside the us wish they could vote for adam too!
is slowly gettin more followers  vry slowly
i really  should have gone to the chiropractor this week . . and today  my neck hurts so bad
watching supernatural  those boys can hunt me any day <3 haha
very excited about camp, loads of people aren't but i am thrilled about that fact we get to sleep in tents and roll around in mud
i was gonna get off at 230 2day. just found out i'm stayin til 630
yep, one of those nights again.
even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and our teacher agreed :s old grumpy doesn't like us happy  haha
i wish i was! well, for the past hour i have been. but before that i was in bed. proper migraine!
now, 3 teardrops.
the time in germany went by too fast, only 2 days left   hopefully i will move here soon.
i'm trying to tag myself on  picture on facebook but it already has 50 tags.  lol
done... with the #run : 14.5km / 1h33mn / 153bpm . feeling great, no fatigue... and no speed
i wanna go vivid light walk
rewarding myself with dinner at american dream pizza on the rooftop terrace. perfection  got 7 pages done on the prospectus!!
i seriously neeed to study
wish i could go hear mint condition tommorow night
feeling good about our win! its nice being softball champs  bring on the season!
good morning! driving to work
had a great time at six flags yesterday.. its summer   my friend spent the night last night and just left so now i'm bored..
wow i really need to have fun tonight now
found out that no one he knows is using twitter.
me and dee mack talking about your baby!  she's almost all grown up!
it's soupy-soup time. today: heinz cream of chicken and mushroom - yum! bbl
boo you didnt answer my text
where are my peeps? and my boyfriend? in miami
leaving now  off to get my angry teethed pulled....
_pearlman  mow love mow
with harry.. baked. love you cassie.. but you're not online!?
dude... i tried the vegetarian thing and i lasted about 2 months... good luck!!! going vegan is intense!!! good move though.
so true   sad to say.  i'm glad you'll be with me to be my support group ;)
i'm going to miss miss suhana
i need to go shopping with you...but i need to save my money
you always seem to know exactly the right thing to say. thanks.  - [URL] #youregreat
saturday night live in 3 minutes  jimmy should still be on it.
make sure you call yur mother & tell her how much you love her. tell her i love her for bringin you into the world.
#twpp ..still nw in trending topics..
recorded some of a new song today! u wont hear it for a long time thooo... we might play it at shows tho! so comeeeeee
ew, i used to get 'suicides' in mid. school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too.
have fun at the show tonight... wish i could be there
just go near a hive, they'll tame you!
i know! i love nicholas braun & i think he'll make an okay cameron but i don't wanna see it either
and em, my baby, starts kindergarten.  what a crazy summer it's going to be.
lucky! i can't see it tonight....
_emily  i wish i was there to hear that!
my three most hated words are 'see you monday'
i hope it'll go by as quickly as possible.
it's a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. the speakeasy theaters are no more
i am in so much pain i really don't feel too good. couldn't eat my dinner
you're right....i'm 29 and  i've heard the song a time or two
home after spending a day catching up with my old pals
people are cruel sometimes.  i can't imagine being a star.
- whoa. 'sack chasing whores' ? that is soo out of character for you to say that...  bring back my sweet superman
logically, yes. i just have to find one though. always seem to see them beside motorways when you cant stop
but i do tweet about you
sick at home and so bored  i want to get better already so i can enjoy being a college grad!
philippines tour, please? please? please?
symphonic i
ahh! yay!  so you're gonna get it?
too much food at today's company gill out, want to go home and lay in the sun. instead here until dark, probably
awww! i didnt see this till now and edwin just left! i knew you wanted some! forsure tomorrow i'll make u a new batch!
kinda has a headache...
awe...thank you jon!
i'd love to work with you! [URL]  tell ur friends to follow me!
todays line up: more work on os bluetooth app, a brief stint with uniservity and if i get time some cs4 tutorials... busy bank holiday
omg, watching hollie steel's crying is so so painful  #bgt
made coffee cake for her mom
that sucks about your prints. sorry
its so sunny outside, and i have no one to go out and play with
achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome
finished up cleaning my desk at least. . . office is looking empty. . .almost time to be in the car for 1 1/2!  #fb
weather sucks!!... it's raining again!!
work soonnnnnn  it's looking rly dead today...
today is my first mothers day with my little boy. hope you're having a beautiful mothers day too
dude.  you're a hax0r!!!1!  you should put final cut pro on there and tell me how stable it is
i know my mom is going up there monday with me to get it changed. i'm so upset
happy morning sunshine  it's may 4! i'm driving with the windows down and singing and smiling and not wearing shoes because i'm kirsten!
the vogue model miss rachel is out  merh ...
gotta sleep, and then off to work
trent reznor - liddle beotch doesnt get his way. this could be the title
wow! some person u are!
i miss my peanut gallery
watching aliens with my boobie at craig rise house 11 early bedtime for the grown ups
i clicked on the check out pictures of angelina and it went to a spam site about ordering checks .. go figure
blake sea should have been a water sandbox (a la cordova), but we can't rez objects and autoreturn is 5 mins
emily is over tonight xd work experience is over. jen i'm  going to miss seeing you like everyday
i feel slightly sick now  #bgt
okay, the man with the hook for a hand is kinda freaking me out right now.
i miss you too, mojokins! i go there, but not long enough to comment  will do more this weekend!
lebron maybe the mvp this year ... but i like the lakers to win the nba title
can't really do anything about that, now can i?
sigh. it is a sad, lonely profession.
congrats! you're the first person i've heard/read say that today
cherry italian ice is my fave. i want to get the local ritas on twitter so they'll send out the daily flavors.
very cute kitty
heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? please help
it's pretty good, actually! a few lame episodes, but otherwise good. give it a try!
watchin family guy
oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours
anytime love..you looked beautiful! next time your in nyc, hopefully we can link up! enjoy your evening
just made a cake for mi madre  i'm goooooddd!
i am!  going on a hike today!
can we turn back time, make it so you didn't hurt your knee so bad.. :'( and then you can come to mine and never be ignored??
i should go shower but ffaf is **** distraaaaacting
im cleaning listening to fiona apple then off to a birthday party!!!!!! i cant believe that im 25 already
ah! so nice to be back on bike commute although three days off and my (what google sez are called) my quadriceps literally screaming. gah
mother's day has been good for me
i want my woosoo like now plz  i gant wait, knowing she's so close is driveing me nutts
aww noooo that doesn't sound too great
early morning r&b.  ? [URL]
i did do that one twitter while driving, although the iphone keypad sucks for driving and typing
she doesn't need a darn (watching my language) thing but that never stops her  &   i mapped u. u live in the boonies :-o
missing him so much. why does he have to work  can't he just spend time with me and get paid for that lol
lol... not gross at all  they're gross?
sorry blokey, 6 hrs later & i'm still holding ur fluffy towel. had to dash. hope u found other means to dry ur self
feeling pretty good this morning! lets hope it lasts through the day
is on the radio
tummy hurts
back from london  now just catching up on all the tv and sleeping all day!
makes sense that greatfirewallofchina.org, a site to test whether a site is blocked in china, is blocked in china. get that?  any others?
follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me? woot #followfriday
thats not helpful. at least know you've got a place secured already if things don't pan out, but my fingers are crossed you
and what did i do to u kk thanks
aww that's cute
hi, i teach some chinese lessons on youtube... feel free to have a look  www.youtube.com/chineselearn
recording an acoustic track! for you sexy kids!
i have to pee.
wow 41,000 now....your really kickin' carey's butt with this competition! see you both very soon!
oh dear, hope you are feeling better soon, get some nice hot chicken soup down you.
i know - but there are loads of others left
morning
twitters from her seat in the exam hall! it starts in 15mins. pray for seat 299 in mpsh1-a to be blessed, oh and for wisdom to flow.  whee
gorgeous day! off to hash around waterley bottom - wonderful name for a village! quiz mistressing at the porto this evening
another lake park kid is going to tulane. i'm not unique anymore
welcome to glasgow felix, sorry i cant be there tonight
thats what i was thinking but the only time it's gonna be on is 1 am!
anywho im having an early night good night twitter world.
im not getting any treatments, we are just gonna hang out at the pool and the hot tubs.
since you travel quite often and use online travel sites we would love some feedback on ixigo.com from you
good stuff, smiles back? why won't you go to his concert too? :o. wish i could instead of working on my music which is failing  lol x
again your fault  i didnt make u leave
happy birthday!  sorry for the blank one my sister messed me up.
appreciation lunch at work. good food! but sucks being here on my day off lol
tgif resto here at home is dayuummm expensive!
i seriously want a pug  buy me one?
just finished reading chuck palahniuk's 'pygmy' and kind of hated it. i'm really disappointed; i had pretty high hopes for this one.
played ball at the park, coached a youngster on fundamentals.. goin home to steak and lobster.. word up
googled mothers day, phew, us & uk have different dates! learn something new every day
must be time of month: watering eyes again!: [URL] (speciaal voor : zo vind ik ze wï¿½l leuk!  )
_x butbutbuttt he replied to you loads
riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike, very convenient! not) in the dark without glasses on. i was scared  but i survived haha
very upset....  mom is in the hospital
because of the new #kirk. that's why. because of the new #kirk.
i miss my nipissing pitas  good thing we've got a euphoria in barrie, 'cause i would never survive summer without my pitas and smoothies!!
heyyyyy us english fans want some signings too
i love all my friends      and drew were fun tonight
_j think so.. although think i am being ignored! not a good day
that is annoying. what gear is it? i'll take it off your hands
my back hurts  have a heating pad on it... stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum???
you're the third person to ask me out on mon afternoon ;) i'm so sorry, but i'm helping tutor my friend for c1/c2  ****
im going to bed  nighttt nighttt xxo ily's
gonna do laundry....never did laundry @ a hotel before.....i miss you r.....even though you ignore me and don even check on me....
ewww just printed my new i.d badge thingie 4 work n eww my picture. i took so many n they were all ugly
bye for now people .
thanks for the ok ...hope we can tweet more down the road
_a_michael cute  thanks for sharing! and please direct message me before you go to bed james ;) ;) you know you want to!
just saw ghosts of girlfriends past with my bf, that movie was so predictable but so funny! i loved it
we agree!! you guy rock
thanks  and ill cross my fingers for you, that the rain will stop
awake at 4am..  can't sleep
stocked for tonight
good morning
anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account
frame damage... car could be totalled
shopping in keswick
where did the rain go??
_apuya hey hey andrew!!! haha! ;p well happy mother's day to your mum.
just realized you can get arrested for public disturbance. oh well i'll take my chances.
wants her boo  btw love fhnixon's posts hilarious!!!!
yeah, right. what if our politicians start using uploading their pics, lots of inside stories will be out
ugh soooo much work to do today while trying to make the 6:10 train to the game... looking like a 4-5 hour sunday at the office.
ur leaving me for a week  i know i dont see u everyday but i like the fact that ur in the same city as me
had a fantastic day with an amazing girl! just wish sara didn't have to go home.  #fb
so....i'm guessing no bgn?
ow. okay.  it's good you're better now.
_breannarose fuuuuuuck  idk if andy can get youuuu
peter, the bar owner is working his way up to 1000 beers-all belgian. has coffin for drinkers of mort subite
doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions
my mouth hurts. wish i could cut my head off
bacoor  wahaha may wifi toinks new hair wiih short.. short.. [URL]
oh and #antiboyle didn't work out either  never too much of a bad thing eh uk eh
blogging..it's my new passion
i'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up though, your day doesn't define you...
no but i just checked and got it lol. you are ok! i went live for a few minutes and everything is fine.
the trailer has been removed  i have a look and see if i can find it somewhere
i had a dream that u didn't like me
yes i am, do you want to meet?
make sure you practice your hooping today!
ugh, still sick. this calgary cold has lasted forever.
oh, coo; i was suppose to be an intern too!  but dangit, sat. :| so how's the intern life? haha
tehe. it was on the 9th
seeing my friends and doing coursework  i have the weekend off work so i am happy!
ha! i know..i'm very ashamed.
i'm all out of life preservers, sorry   but if it's any consolation, you're in for something really special tomorrow.
california waiting, every little thing's gotta be just right ? putz, adoro essa banda
mmmmm my hair smells guuud.  the wonders of 'pantien' ;d
shopping tomorrow? i think yes
yeah, sabrina..though i keep thinking it's something else.  cary grant ain't too shabby either. bringing up baby
#tfarp *takes a moment to translate, then nods* you're quite welcome.  also, dear, it's probably best if you stay here again-
thanks for the #followfriday
awww   i told you when i would change it. i suggest you try to get in touch w/ dre's people. lol
this goes out to the one n only smirker   cheers dave!  aka jak  aka the best chest ever! ? [URL]
lol, me too!!
thanks :0 i will try
colleen really sincerely hopes that  gets better soon.
beer pong and dubstep. good nite
i have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt
can you stop working so i can have someone to play with !
no im not going this wknd  sorry it took me forever to respond i just realized twitter isnt txting me ur updates!
why do you think so?
where did  go???
_henrie  can you do a shoutout to holland please ? you got a lot of fans here!
watching my baby on snl !  baby you look greaaaaat ;)
[URL]     mcfly parody by chris moyles ****
he always brightens up 'the week' ?
happy imma get to see some lovely ladies
watching 'look for a star' with mom again  lub ah c hehe
oh yah her and angel came and harrassed me and tried to break in my house!! lol  burgen
thnx 4 the follow
just finished  emergency - by neil strauss - another great read neil - congrats   miss you by the way!
not feelin right. hope the feeling passes. stupid stomach.
i can't seem to find it, can you send it to me again please  oh and tag it too lol
bad times for everyone  whywhywhy do we have to write essays  no fair!
i think in the end, remembering the poetry and feeling behind something is far more important than the name.
i wish i could still drink it but i had two bad nights with white wine in london and then i was sick for almost a week
@_josh_thomas are you coming to sydney?! cool, where can i meet you? id love to meet you, you're my favourite comedian
happy mothers' day to all your moms!
_song glad you had a wondrous beltaine! mine was quiet, yet in sync with the season.  miss you all...
adem in, adem uit
i don't have a vcr...
stephen king fo sho
finally friday , but still grounded till next thursday    -- stereos = life <333
no tourney 'til next weekend =   [URL]
mcfly evolution for the 4th time round
hanging with  for the weekend
has just joined twitter. reeeally dont understand how to use this lol
omg patron is 1ofmy favs   im so jealous icant do 10 but i can do 5 so make it 15  so serious im in alabama visitin fam
have decided i just can't stand 's alltop spam any longer.
you are very welcome. you deserve #followfriday every day!
oh man sold out  had to step away from my desk for 10 min!  you were right
happy mother's day to all mom's here and to your moms too
wow the weather is amazing today!
how fun!! i like the beach, but i tend to get really dark fast.
bahah that would be really funny she would be really cut haha
really mad at myself for forgetting about the may 24 deadline for the 40,000 mile award trips to south america on
i lurveeeeee you
so proud of cg, took 5 yrs in the making to get that number 1 spot  gnight twitter bugs...time to read myself to sleep.
hey you! did you get my present this morning? hope u liked it?
saimee 26 july, underage festival 2 august, i found some others but they were too far away
[URL]  i want this, but...
has been rejected
finally the school day ended, friday friday friday w00t! but it's raining outside.
[URL] - no joke my puppy maddie looks exactly like  maui!!!  she's so cute!!
the kids were awesome today! they loved the face painting!
almost time to say good bye to my twimulations. i'll miss my tweeps
hey arthur! i forgot to say thanks for the flag... it is proudly displayed on my bedroom door! you are a witty one
downloaded eeecontrol for my eee pc today. was playing with the settings to make the fan kick in at 1500rpm if above 55c, 0rpm if under..
congrats mollie! just wish i could have got some tickets
right here! army wife in germany! i can't stand that i cannot be there this summer!
oh no  i wanted to go to sea but today the sun is not here!  sigh!
it's a good mix of developers, content developers, providers and venture folks
is it done?
my deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be
awesome run report!   did you see the bald eagle on the lighthouse?  that was their hangout when i last ran discovery park.
lol. thanks babe!
this weather is awful! i just want to curl up and read a book all day
_lipz i don't know  i haven't heard from lorraine recently.
is going to sleep. good night everyone!!
_and_jay hi!  **** your job!
what you laughing at over there  got strawberries?
i'm cooking meatballs for lunch  yaaayyy ...
no tango icons in this revision.
does anyone know where i can watch the prison break tv movie? it's not on itunes
she's in la, wanting sun today... but apparently la isn't cooperating
sittin on d bed about 2 fall asleep
watch jay leno tonite!!!  it's his last day as the tonight show host
responding to more questions at thou shall blog! i appreciate this community.
: i knowww yur mother is being a **** and she doesn't want to take me to the movies  ****
learned a lesson the hard way. lost my usb stick and backup was a month old
michael scholfield is no more. he is dead. i am sorry
[URL]  i want to go here
i will be ok when i have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
is going to forgo pub night with the wife tonight. tough week for both of us and neither is really up for it. plus our neighbor died
i love youuuuu nick santino! thirteen dayssss
cant believe venus lost. a real shame. smh. i think im getting sick  had such a **** week, doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!
sittin at home watchin monster in-law waitin for pizza.. yum yum
i hope i get the job so i can have some steady income and start eating well again. all the cheap food is horrible for you
i wish i could be in bed by nine once in a while. i never make it in before 3-4 a.m.  #sleepdeprived. doing too much.
seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! couldn't be happier  #goodnight
spent the night finally relaxing with nogard on wow after finishing some work needed to take a small break from art. i really missed this
i'm hear ya dude, i can't either
sorry about the weather, hopefully you're not in the 2-3 hour wx delays here in bwi
supernatural was good as  loved it.
sorry, that was a bit negative!
yes i do! because he is going to the marines to protect & serve and leaving me!
school trip to phuket thailand, i was 12 while living in singapore
so what cereal do you usually like?
haha  cute. ps thanks for the reply made my day haha
i slept at 2am yesterday
now have an unpleasant talk w/n-laws 2 look 4ward 2....
eh...but i'll be picking cotton soon....need to suppliment my income
i'm sure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know i'm hangover free   hope you're not too fragile this morning!
how tough was that, just wanted to hug her like my own
oh...my foot's hurting now. about 5 minutes after i took it out though.
lmao! you baked non-stop? sounds like yummy fun!
you have every right to feel like a crazy fanboy! jason mraz and james morrison? the jealousy is tangible
you guys are an awesome couple
you may be pc but i love you anyway!!!  maybe someday you too will become mac!
well i'm a little bit sick but i'm fine
go for the 1 that you want to go to most? my bro had to switch when he did his 1st time  it's www.direct.gov.uk/studentfinance :]
workin ur crazy sched. has to be tiring..its gotta  be hard being famous  but jus kno u have bazillionz of fans supprtin u
hum -1 for bill bailey
i don't know what to do... time is going by so fast.
this is true... clean clothes is a very good thing!   enjoy your day! love your new avatar btw!
see? sucked you right in.  the only problem will be church/sunday race conflicts, but that's why god gave us dvr. :-d _niffer
is going to rye house speedway
thanks so much for the discount code. looking forward to trying your pads out
feeling like in 16 again - watching twilight & enjoying it
i feel actual heartbreak.. _gates last night  x
omg, it's july's last day!
wedding..
_reece naw missed it and the video cool looking sexy
momentum works!  but jeff will have a hard time from 42nd.
looks like  is hiding money in an offshore bank account on behalf of last.fm   [URL]
have an extra justin rutledge ticket for the mod club tonight
happy birthday! i hope you are doing well and had a great birthday day
my name is chad, but i won't be here tomorrow
aww  but typing from beyond the grave...impressive
i am in school. absolutely i have been sick .. i want to go home - we are writing of geography, the best it will
caught me at lunch today... you were correct of he stalking me
[URL] - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol.
i could do with another one now myself. was back to work on monday after being off for 7 weeks  not good.
i just found out 5 minutes ago  mama said his speech is still slurred but he seems to be doing ok
sorry to hear that man  he is were the **** cant reach him now. my heart goes out to you and your family.
such.a.tease.
today sucks - kisskass19: ï¿½you and katey broke up?! yah kate broke up with me  itï¿½s been awful nd vodkas... [URL]
'updating maven dependencies' i know this is a good thing, but would be better if it happened when i was asleep
arg..tried one pic, but she moved so i failed to save it...then they never showed her feet again  but they were purty!
yeah, my dad calls me taltal, but it was taken on aol back in 96, so i added a k for my last name, coincidence is tal talk.
i don't wanna go back to work   sleepy time.
nkotb world is the best place to be
pinkberry
i am so jealous!!
almost made it to reading comedy outlet. headlining all weekend. only took me 2 extra hours with traffic. basically doubled my time.
tis' cool..i still stand by my former proclamation! i'm just stubborn that way! #rebellioustwitwhoknowsacoolcatcook lol
congratuations, sweetie.
ohh yeahh with the showcase he said his artist will be outta town  so keep me posted as to the next one
huh... pr from 5 to 2..?
hey, thanks for the follow, wow this is exciting a new tweet.
new picture isn't working
i'm hungry. and single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
cool sound!! luv 'drama', 'love game' doesn't work on ur myspace...    wish good luck!! xoxo from spain
t-bone's gone to sleep... think we're gonna join him
are you kidding me?! that looks incredible!!! lay out and swim a lot for me, stuck in the cold nyc
can't upload a picture. i already hate twitter
i know! i'm so slow its horrible. don't tell on me!
congrats hey
lol u better hurry up cause your **** is running late and whats for breakfast
going thru bills
no omelette today  dim sum tomorrow! feast!
thinking of getting new dvds, csi.  can't wait to get my laptop.
is going to help lancey cook
heard through the grapevine that we might see you around today. looking forward to meeting you.
diggin' your moustachio! looking good daddio!
_ i'm good thanks! did you have a good drive? careful with your blackberry, we don't want you getting screamed at
hiya, hows your week been?? just tried to dm you but your not following!  x
fantastic idea.. you the man! but i'll end up all lonely when the tourist goes home
happy mother's day. . .
i'm up. getting ready for skill. can't wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh, honor classes suckkkk.  ):
sorry for taking over twitter with my i-can't-sleepness
i miss vlogcandy
class is almostt over
another day @ casino de montreal
morning! bank holiday monday and the sun has gone - typical! hospital for knee at 2:30 and then training at 6. another  bust day
it saddens me, you're youtube has changed. it's just like every other youtube kid, you used to be different
just found out i have strep
i wish i could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc
thanks for adding me, glad to have you
right now it is 5:07am.  ugghhh.
nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in # delhi.
[URL]  <--- paranoid. i actually like it better performed live rather than the studio version.
going to the lumberjack party
thank you opendns for saving me from comcast's crappy dns server. my internet is back up to par finally.
i believe that you are
shower before doctor's appointment
hahahah, i will be using that saying from now on!
homework bound for the whole weekend, not so fun
good luck whit the show tonite man, ill be watching
i should be 'bus stalking' right now..i soo wish i were still meeting  today
finally got my saynow account up and running  yayy jbs got a canadian saynow number!.. is anyone else using their landline phone? call me!
i hate it when i am in pain
did i miss you going to the killers or is it soon? are you excited? i remembered i needed to ask you
just woke up...for  once i managed to sleep in!! going out for lunch later then back to essay
_r drive-in!? srsly!? *jealous*  i have never ever been to one.  there is one down the rd, but it's no longer operational :|
chill its da rihanna bob. if it was 16 in i'd have no problem!!! lol. r u at school all summer
wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate...
i feel bad over everything..  how can i be so stupid? why was i so harsh? its my fault, i know it. i'm sorry savvy, love you guys<3
good morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
and the city i love, tucson, is the 18th most miserable  [URL]
can't keep eyes open....*shuts eyes*
...and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'him'
sorry you are having a bad week. i feel like if i could get good sleep, i would be so much better too. fog
goodnight twitterville! really enjoyed pearl harbor. now off to sleep and cuddle with my hot man!  i will have good dreams tonight! xoxo
can't believe the weekend is over already!  where does the time go?  had a nice day with the fam. today.  mum had a good day too.
at branding iron with drea! white boubous and **** can get down! haha crunk! for the next couple hours! haha fun times!
is hanging with bryant&&hailee, possibly lafayette tonight. 'nd i don't know why i keep updating this because i have 0 followers
happy mothers day mom.. i love yew...
i <3 my new picture! its so pretty with the reflecting sunlight on the leaves!
wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. i accomplished only one thing on my to do list today...
yeah.. gives me something useless to crib abt
worst day ever. and its only noon.
video a challenge when shot in not-so-scenic conference room with no mic, but thank you  loved your grant park house & dogs!!!
blue oyster cult - i love the night *that's when all my friends are around*  ? [URL]
haha **** you not inviting me
_phatass hopefully you're up before 8, as meeting is at 8
hope ur all havin a nice friday! been feeling down this past week since my dog's passing...
baby i'm in maryland i'm not gonna make it  but i will see ur sexy **** next sat in camden vip....come early n hang!!!!!
wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year
i won't make u cry
got the sniffles   i so don't want to get sick - i don't need this.
will maybe have my cell phone soon ! yeah !
no way! i didn't know he was singing rof thats without a doubt my fave he has done on idol thus far!! eep~fangirl moment
had a **** contact with both parents >.>  grrr
i'm soo jealous right now!!
hollowbabeshere comes the utter shite #bgt <i completely agree
missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
a good girl nevah tells hahahahaha! hope you had a good weekend
is the bee to busy to talk to his buddy on yahoo?
or a punch the shape of the card on a card on a card on a card. and then ask people what it is. for free cards.
woke up and it's bank holiday monday, so no college. got a text from tom via jason's mobile earlier today, so i'm hoping they turned up.
cont...and then it goes to waste  no one likes stale sweets. that reminds me of this cute song called stale cupcakes lol
_mcfly how cool will that be  she is so nice!! bless her=] so what ya upto? love you (l) xoxox
keep the suggestions coming...i love the classics!
cant sleep again! i couldnt sleep last night eather!  *wabble wabble*
tonight my bed has been the enterprise and i was mrs kirk
going to take my last final ... wish me luck ..
i just realized that im going home 2 weeks from today
my girlfriend still likes sesame st, and so do i
time always seems to fly when im with wade, its weird; but i like it... a lot!
just planted flovers in the school garden with my 3 yr old...very mucky but great fun
aww. can you tell her to follow me?
does the creepy lolipop guy play head esploder 5  ??
i wish  i could choose what bands played trash on june 20th...hmmm!!!
sounds great. i'm looking forward to it then
i think that boat sailed my friend... the few cco's that had them, had them months ago....  i wish you luck though...
awwww bless her  she needs another chance.
is nto milk deffo!
we are in the state of cheese - yum! green, moo-cow pastures everywhere, and super friendly lutheran's too
bye bye for now you lovely tweeters and especially my followers
heading home from sacramento.  will continue writing the windows server 2008 r2 unleashed book over the weekend.  sigh  #windows
i won because im awesome
off to class. be back in about 2 hours!
yucky!  time to bring out the vaccuum and go to war. our house is always a spider haven for some reason. not cool.
problems seem to be fixed now! thank you!
hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me
is not getting her posts posted to the topics
oh and thank alllll of you who put me in ur follow friday!!  to all of my new followers i usually do it, but today...i'm just too tired!
was gonna go to my brothers show but still feeling like poo :**(
comment my new myspace pictures plz?
i'm not feeling very inspired today...i was suppose to be @ the b'ham concert tonight!
hey,  i'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?
battery is going to die!
happy mothers day to all the mommy's out there!
on my 42nd written ****.. i get less ideas every day, and every day
back at home and phone my grandma... i love her and miss her
haha i love both of them too  hmm.. lol i'm in need of some good bands too
all ready for costume making! but... there's no one here...!
happy birthday mommy
you are too kind! i swear i'm always feeding someone!
good tip..... but then my boss would read .... exactly what im supposed to do and would know where i was with the project
star trek is really good. i loved it too
on my way to work! working sucks big time
finally gonna get sum sleep  that concert was crazy!!! god bless those ministers!!!
in $rf .94 - target $5.30.  out $dndn @$21.85 near days low
sf felt way too intense for me tonight. hope that doesn't keep up. upset with myself for not hanging with  and pearl
oh! so this could well be your last post!
we are tooo fly boo
most of the time
school..  i wish it would just end already!
[URL] - former pawnshop were jimi hendrix got his 1st guitar, seattle. now a check cashing joint
that's sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend?
why are matters of the heart so complicated?
haha i'm bored! i think i'll go watch a movie  bbl
i am very bummed that there are no babydoll or spaghetti-strap tank three wolf moon t-shirts. love the meme; hate wearing a fabric box.
oh! yeah,your mom told be about that.  i thought you meant his twitter id & i was very confused. that sucks. sick.
and i ain't happy go lucky, its just today... the world don't feel ugly
editors read this and nod, writers read this and take notes.  [URL]
shift time  bbye biochem waaaaahhhhhh!! [URL]
happy mothers day. havent got mom a present yet? print off an amazon gift card for her!  [URL]
thanks for your follow  just do you own thing + join in with what interests you
_jen lol - i know... seems that the whole fabric of our earth will now unravel - lol - i guess people have never seen bambi
im going to work
we decided i'd probably forget i had it in my pocket and sit on it by accident
i'm now a member of the street!!
lol we are going to place called frosties its a soft play centre it knackers them lol, then i get peace for the gym  lol
fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts
aw honey... you just relaxin? that's probably for the best.
coooooooool, yes, ciwwaf are awesome.
either my inerne is **** or my mind is but i'm pretty sure that it's the internet
my dog is sick. i love that little doggie. he's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today.
_mitchell i've never been to the opera before...don't think that was me
i was supposed to be coming...life got in the way lol give my friends a wild time!!!
ready for the weekend and sad that i have to be at the office again tomorrow morning
i'm @ work and missed everythin yesterday but don't know wot? anybody
is sad that greg pritchard didnt make it through to the final of britains got talent coz he soooo deserved it
is lets chat
control which tweets u post on facebook by using a hashtag, check out this awesome easy app!  [URL]
baby was not herself after recieving vaccines
heading home. could really have done without banging my head on the way into the bus
_distel maybe u have natural ability for languages  i envy u on that !!
the cats are gone. all 3 of them.
you such a good friend <3 i miss you so much
my boy is leaving for the summer, going to stay with the grandparents.. i'm gonna miss him!!
it looks as though i am sick little friends
bored
only just past 8am and already been spoiled rotton
#wheniwerealad can you explain how that worked? lol  and no rude  explanations pleeezzze
insomnia at its finest. go to bed at 11:30, fully awake at 2. grrr. anyone want to call mee?
i read 'the picture of dorian gray' by oscar wilde (on english). it's not easy for me but i try to make out
i had the worst dream ever: the lakers were losing 11 : zip  & courney cox had a mohawk wtf.
oooh battlestar galactica is on the other channel. it's the rebellion episode! man, i feel so sad about what became of gaeta.  i liked him
sorry - didnt mean to   hope you can think positivly about being 80 and looking back on 30!
i am chillin w/ my homies
dude you're always going to midnight screenings! xd. i wish i lived in a city. well, i do (until tmrw!) but it's rubbish
don't think that went well, was only in there for 15 mins
i really want a blackberry  my sidekick is hella wack. night
i'm glad you liked it   want more?
sorry i couldn't fit hal's name
just watched that  new t-mobile advert on youtube.. i love it  'hey jude!!!!!!'
how long did it take you to learn the song
man that sucks.
morning world. hello bank holiday! cold and grey and rainy here. feel like colouring thanks to  so might do that this am
just got back from the pool, need to ice the knee
mel? where are you you shud be here at my house
lol ik they are, but i figure i've kept it for a year+ without needing virus software or to get it fixed  sigh
i am soo happy! thank you baby for the best 1095 days of my life
lol. about to leave.
aww , its ok,we ended up getting in later than expected and didnt go...i would of called you if we were able to, ...c u n austin,
well that does make me feel better about staying up even later to watch the daily show.   lay on the guilt again.
not a problem at all sis - respect due
sure!  my entire blogroll is terribly updated, but this could motivate me to update and redo it!
_anstee i hope! its in expo! that would be amazing. im trying so hard to make perfection so it is.
i'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow
nm. dang, you on now but i gotta bounce in like 4 minutes  i'm just chilling. the usual.
ooopps over slept. is it really 10am? best get up then and get my shizzle in gear
_reviews thanks!
sitting, wondering, & wishing for a bunch of stuff that will never be
shower time
lousy **** landlord.   need to focus on kid's packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag
going so soon? i was hoping to hear late nite humor from you....
i am so full. no more food tonight... i don't want no cake and ice cream at this party.
that sucks mama
i wish you weren't going to a 19+ venue in vancouver
it is absolutely incredible. it's official: my favorite jonas is frankie. he is the man
happy birthday to my ****
i didnt mind the movie myself, may be because im not that big a fangirl myself
i'm not going, sadly.  maybe next year, eh?
surgery effin hurts
can you please  with that? i'd love some egg +bacon +ranch +bed for giving birth 3 times in 4 years!
so bored... need more people for rsmv !!  jagex doesn't let u say rsmv unless its the first word u say in the sentence.. sad
****, we have some kind of bugs in our house. and we dont know why or what it is
almost lost my phone.
...thank you mr. president!....
ooo showing of your french skills!! lol things good over here. lovely weather, so should be outside  how's u?
the star trek movie was amazing! omg everyone has to go see it
happy birthday
anotha day of work  not lookin forward i hate closin fri
i'm entering a two month study/exam period.  which is awesome. - see you on the flip side
it's best if i check it while it is up. when it's down, i can't really see anything
working from home office today and catching up on everything except twitter
lil cuz coming round today she 5  aww  haha
my stomach effing hurts. sadly there'll be no gym class this afternoon
gotta go now .. i'm going to circus .. the real circus not britney's tour  sadly ..
the next single is 'hey lady'.ok, where is my million dollars??
goodmorning twitter bugs.. happy monday to you all! today marks my first official day at my first fulltime job.. time to get ready!
i have my 830 class  **** school! what time you work wed? if jade comes ima have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
is back...been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother's day, to all you mama's out there
*old me's dead and gone*
it's you and me forever ?, it's you and me right now   flywithmeobsessive. im crying
sounds like the muffler bearings are going bad
no credit left on my mobile sorry brit! *pounces back* thanksss tania for the epic photoshoot
on a day like today i would wear shorts and tshirt, but now i'm at dhq it's office wear...
can i just go to sleep and wake up in december when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today
i think they make you turn your phones off  i'll see what i can do!
i wish i had company
aaaawww  would u like an alcoholic beverage of your choice?
my power was cut off  thats where i went
looks like it got cloudy again outside! and i have nothing to do tonight! boo friday
home early, yeh! work to do over the weekend, $%$#@!!!! not happy!!! so much 4 a big1
it was going to happen one day but i so feel for the girl and her mum
stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!
didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!
awww i wish i could have been there  i'm stuck here about to jab out my eyes with knitting needles
braving the standby line @ theview bright & early today!! hope to hear about your book & hope i get in! 3rd time's the charm
good luck
im bored.. rc is goin maintenance
can you follow me please?
youtube not working
howdyyy
apple is expected to launch a new iphone this summer.  hi my name is judy and i am addicted to apple products.
i definitely will , although with the caveat  that i normally only read non fiction..but have more in recent years read novels
going through security already miss my baby.
i don't ship out until october
clambering about in crashed cars. hilarious fun
yep! jimmy buffett ftw!!!... jimmy needs to tweet his words of wisdom every morning
maaate,grooovin was off the chain. uploading videos to youtube  www.youtube.com/sluzzaa  go watch!
[URL] 'immigrant hid passport in pants' what a genius.
lol good to know the time in la, it's a 9h time difference ...  good morning to ya
nursing my scratches and bumps from festivus mud wrestling. i swear there's still dirt in my hair but a good time was had by all
lol awww lol i will i can't do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy
she said no
i can't believe how fast this week has gone by
soooo happy your back!
listening to obama with one ear & listening to music with the other
, finally, someone spreading the hayley love via twitter. welcome to the club, taylor.
man, 4 months until we get to see what those drunk tweets were all about
u no that little prob with ur twitter that happen @ that old pep resteraunt! mayb this will help u fix it
missing loverboy so much
because pop culture is beautiful. also, you can't pull weeds wrong. i promise. you can practice on my yard if you are nervous
wishing all moms a very happy mother's day!!
cried my eyes out watching my girl last period   hahah
great party alenka!!  happy birthday chicky! <3
this time, i really need to shut it.. i'm going to sleep! my head aches badly and i really can't take it..
the sun is shinning! im off out!!
lol. i see what you did there.
heh coincidence im a barnsley fan too  how'd you track me down :o
youtube's tubes appear to be clogging up somewhat today, connection errors a plenty.
sorry guys, the wavves show was canceled, they missed their flight
and young ones....'look what i found'....'breakfast'....
just got my heart ripped out  i love you guys
going to my bff's. haha. but thats in like 2 hourssss sooooo...calllll me. actually darn, i have hw
unfortunately i know i would like them - which is why i am avoiding them,
aww  cant wait till u get 2 sydney ;d i missed out on tickets tho.. :o ****
thanks for the song! youï¿½re awesome.  i can sing along all day!
_lavish i told diamond to follow you. and why u aitn share the starburst
was jus so excited t c ur name
these difficult situation force us to think about marrying a lovable girl
you and i apparently  how are you?
wishes he can just call her.  blah. it used to be so easy to move on. wtf happened?
good morning tweetie world.  have a great day, everyone.
one of these times i'm going to have the self-awareness not to ask one of the principle mourners at a wake how they're doing.
philly hasn't played it yet!!!  you have to do something about that!! please
yeah & when it goes wrong it's the worst feeling ever
just got up  wheres the sun? =o
_x sorry about that.
yeah, getting shows can be an interesting process.  the key is following up... at least that's what i've learned so far
_luca lol!  i'm glad to see i'm not the only one out there!!!
sad that everyone is leaving me.
hey hey hey b
well its a good thing ''march'' wasnt very long and i didnt like it...cuz its deleted. ugh
[URL] - waitin on them 2 tell me what's the plan
taylor! are you back in nashville now..or la? well, how was your trip? did ya have fun? love ya girly!
oh snap... kinda nuts right now... :  i've told at least 27  thanks babes.
i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!
awwww wat i was gonna buy myself something pretty  nvm
after i said hi how are you she did at double take & left. **** it i should have let her look around first
the no tweeting guilt trip didn't stop you huh?  i felt so bad!
my boyfriend just broke his wrist, now he might need surgery  im so nervous
i agree, keep it in star trek but make it commercially viable! c'mon!
my cats enjoy the sunbeams from the open windows.  i think that counts.
signing off. mom's day tomorrow.
had a great weekend with one, hanging with nick & brendon, church this morning! can't believe loretta won the mothers day raffle again!
no one told me the mutual admiration society was meeting this morning! lol  hi boys!
is it true you have a part in neighbours?? i have been brought up watching that show..i wanna be on it
did you run into someone i know this weekend?
is watching 'it takes two'.... such a classic lol
is listening to the new jonas brothers song
sexxxy tiiiiiimmmmmmeee!...whatever that means.
i'm staying up to watch it
i'm still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hurts. ugh gluttony bites.
is feeling really sick
pics? ah, i'll probably see you at work at some point... hopefully b4 it grows out too much
i did for years and then moved over to an ibm compatible.  would love to have both on my desk!   can you call me a techie?
play vanessa hudgens new songs plz or vfactory
10 minutes to boarding; 14 hours to home. no window seat
happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you  (via nige the goth)
entered house searching mode yesterday... we need to find an apartment in dï¿½sseldorf until the end of august, this one was temporary...
i'm a lil sad looks like nomore brooklyn 4 a while wtf
so much to tell-only blip is her immune system hasn't recovered-not yet a newborns. give it 6 more months.  but that's nothing.
_m ah. knowing microsoft, they could probby do it, but would want to charge way too much extra for it
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
soooo jelous of you right now
i work at a movie theatre in toledo and i'd let you come see it for free. but it's not in 3d
and that prob wont happen....
i hope when you're calling this the shitshow you mean that in a good way. because this will be fun.
thank you
also. proof number #2923848932 that i have no life - i have an imaginary boyfriend named vince. it's sad that my friends encourage me so.
laying with lyndi on drive way. drinking tea. listenin to music. takin pictures. just a chillin.
the sun is shining and i'm stuck in work
@_katieedwards i can't yet back, i've run out of texts!  i'll ring you laters xoxo
come on, man, give me some slack!
i'm celebrating my mother!!  and also celebrating my legacy as a woman of god.
had a gr8 sunday relaxing enjoying the beautiful weather. good nite
exams are so stressful
#itsucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me!
woop rehearsing songs  yep, sounds even enough to me
dell fx100 pc-over-ip audio device (teradici) is giving me a hard time in #linux #ubuntu jaunty  kernel isnt loading the snd-hda-intel drv
babysitting my hubby cam cam
that would be great!!!  thanks!!
_gutter trent wore that shirt at my show
_benson  woohoo! well done! i started macarena-ing too
layin in bed awake. txtin my girl in vegas. wishin i didn't have to work and i was w her
i'm glad/sad that it's not just me/my iphone  #badoptus
so haven't seen any videos the last few days  hope everything is ok...
chillaxing in hyde park
_extacy lol i know eric, i wont delete you! just people i dont really know and never talk. and bands
i'm going to watch it now
at work.. missing my miami fam , , , carolina, , ,  &&& more
sitting next to magicmoment
[URL] - as if teenagers need any more encouragement
sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast i hope not
whoo hoo chuck! although it is gloomy out, today is a much better day!
sitting waiting for dough to rise. there's something about it that calms me down. maybe the knowledge that i'll have cinnamon rolls soon
up early so washed and waxed the car. i'm sure the neighbours think i'm mad, i wash it nearly every week.
i want to comment but don't understand what you're saying
oh, time to eat and make conversation with the domestic partner.
made so many new friends on twitter around usa. another bike across usa trip would be amazing to see people!
please everyone to vote for me to become the next maxim coors caddy girl...only takes a few minutes  [URL]
jet blue is okay i guess. they cancel flights and don't have a lot of backup planes. and no first class
btw happy mom's day to hannah and your mom and han's mom! yey! moms unite! this is your day
chabibi. it's a long running joke. i don't give a flying **** if anyone follows me at all!
finally a black disney princess.
i am like the most saddest person on jtv right now because you are not on
awwwwww i wish her to be safe while shes gone n hugs to u must of been hard to say goodbye
is easier this way in my phone... i will twittpic from my pc later on i did it this morning with p. diddy pic
someone would give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. stupid comm class
diiinner  its sooo cold right here d:
the end when they sing this is me and when they sing play my music
good morning twitters!!! i am soooo tired...i really need 2 stay off of twitter...lol this **** is taking over my life...lol
wish i could feel no pain (8)  but it's ok, at least they like brazil!
hoping i didn't fail english. that would just be sad
i miss dooooooodddddiiiieeee
attach him to  after all mammals mammary glands will produce milk.  or may be formula?
warhammer 40k: space marines 'officially' announced, only for 360 and ps3.  no luck for pc gamers
ah! i almost missed snl. thanks twitterfriends
__  im so sick  i fell over last night outside coz i was putting something in the bin
that's how you go from series to season. the days of being an elite team are over in dallas. epl derby day tomorrow. tell me what i miss.
a singing girl. talented, yeah. good to complain about? no
the kid that got a second chance shudnt have. mowgli didnt. gutted
sounds like a challenge then  i can see it would be useful to be able explicitly  schedule threads...
yes don't forget the koala pics   i'm pubquizzing tonight in the 11e if you're back in time. sinon, mardi?
thanks to all who follow me  ... wish ya'll the best ;)
thank you soooo much!!!      bella
good mornin' everyone . beautiful sunday for all the beautiful moms of ours. had my breakfast with the lady ....   lets move on .
yum, yum.  i love quesadillas....and wallpaper for that matter tooo
_addict yeah like super short  i guess i'll just have to hold my breath till sunday.
i want to play audition with anna ~ -mhc-smooch
showered in ice-cold water. sweating now. means one thing: i'm sick
hmmm...strained my back  hope it's better tomorrow morning..
just got back from the er... i cut myself while trying to cook a nice lunch  3 stiches on my right index finger, talk about ouchie
agh! freaking out about going to wales already! >< not packed!!
spray tan = fail on legs and feet. i've been scrubbing them and feet look better, but they looked awful this morning  everywhere else = ok
_rachinea oh so you said you good-byes and hugs  my dad left around 4 in the morning so i woke up to an empty house i'm pretty scared.
can you ask ryan why he stopped following me on twitter
god i just want to sleep.
awhhh age doesn't matter, you awesome lady you!
getting ready for work
haha, true  thankfully the regular keyboard does the job... most of the time.
loopjazz  yess!!! ez most bejï¿½n
go to vegas, but don't spend all ur money!!!!
i came home thinking that maybe there was something good to eat. apparently not.
new super power camping place -> 24 hr mac @ springleaf tower  ...still eating my fries.
i can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st
wondering what misery looks like? look at the faces of all the cubs fans at miller park tonite. sorry chicago friends. tonights our night
ugh i missed the potus @ my five guys!!!! 2 blocks from my house and 3 blocks from my job.  [URL]
says she wants to be w/ marykay @ sendai right now
had a fun late night talk with   good night world.
nope, would be no music
prolly going to jamba juice in thirty minutes , shop for awhile then hit the airport and see my daddddd.
going to see star trek
is aching from rugby, good game
its almost your birthday!!
may gray, coldplay, and nice showers...work at 2
its funny you said we'd never make it and look how far we've come....  im back on heahhh!  um. yeah. school :/
aww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun
me toooooo! thank u
. i want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
good weekend
meeting  and friend tonight - going to discuss human trafficking issues. daly is chaplain/therapist and an interesting guy
hmmm they are on offer in tesco as well but i don't think the wee one next to me will stock them!
hes definitely my fav host ever!  can't wait to watch the rest tomorrow!!
i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising
guess i have to go back and scrape out the oven now. blerg
happy star wars day everyone
friday!!!!!!!!!! wooo and nothing to do.  nuggets better pull it off tonight.
having a pj dayy.....doesnt happen veryy often
you're welcome. i'm going to repost several times to get the message out, maybe help another dog
no so sad about that  i'm from malta have you heard about it ?
me too
enjoy...wish i was there! nice day in springfield today..however i have my end of month expense report to do
oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?
haha that was good, slightly geeky but funny  x
i have a license and a car..at least for now.
say hello to marina green ... couldn't participate in barcelona this weeken
i hope it's something relatively minor and easy to heal. i can't stand it when the furbabies get sick.
oh, i've just watched the third episode of jonas, it's awesome.
wants to go out tonight but cant get home
i love paramore!  welcome back
_dahsar thanxs hun, you too!
@_newamerykah_ im alllllllllllllllllllllllllllll about that... a **** woke up late... didnt get my breakfast (wakenbake)
fun to read, thanks! you brits make things interesting  funny they whittled 33 saints days to four,... [URL]
you forgot your fans too!  haha
i know but unfortunately i'm one of the fifteen bazillions of americans without health insurance.  awesome
just got finished cleaning and putting out my mom's presents.  happy mother's day. i'm going to sleeeeep.
getting to play golf with our kickin' leadership team...i have a feeling they r gonna kick me on the golf course
[URL]  wow christian lacroix bankrupt.. sad
ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles.
good 1km visible shot of td one shows total decoupling of the low and mid level centers....this system is dead!! waiting for the next one
goingg to school today
cleaned out my followers list and blocked the **** girls & **** now i look like a spammer
watching the 3rd episode of jonas
jogged in the forest with nina. heavy wind reminded i need to set up some turbines: free electricity.
awww i've lost a follower i fail
so sad that no friends everyday for a long **** time
in 1 horse town + 2 blown out car speakers =
watching chicago.  honeyyyy im with you i miss me some hey arnold! and wild thornberrys
pool is still closed  and it is cloudy. what should i cook tonight?
do u ever answer ur fans on here?? i wish u would. i have a question i've been wanting to ask u for months
_b all the shows are sold out  so i have to wait til tomorrow or sunday...
soooo sunburnt  my mum was out earlier so i had to wait for her to get in and fell asleep on the trampoline for 2 hours in the sun (u)
or this, for that matter: [URL]  so jealous.
it's still not working!! why not!! this is frustrating!!!
has has an ok day with jo. she bit me and now its bruised.
thanks  i have to finish schoolwork today, no rehearsal tonight though. what ru doing?
isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded
'erocka the ruler' i called you, but i see i gets the no love   whats up with that?
i miss him  alot but im not gonna talk to him, i hope
its my last friday of my high school years!
ohh, i'm watching my best friend's wedding. it's so sad..
on tha' bus
this is truly enlightening for me
thanks, i deserve it.
_bree say hi to the otters! they are my favorite- besides the fact they are slowly killing themselves with each shell they open.
he should be an honourary fluffette, such lovely hair (what's left  )
home from china & back to work
scrub and moisturize... doesnt even sounds like 'showering'... maybe u should be inclined to follow me en. rephael
[URL] ~ yeah. haha! why?
michael cera has a new movie!
no school, again. this time cuz im sick.
omg! really? i just ran into a wall
got into the show early. jackson's chillen. lil shorty
did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? it is very sad
it sucks no matter where you are! i'm gonna freakin be late for work!
i do! but i have to go to a dang wedding in madison
ha... i thought you would enjoy the family guy reference... and i'm more bored than you
is abit happier at the thought that ashleigh & loocie with be here soonish, but sad to miss her s-ane  ;)
i feel like i'm going to toss my cookies
hope you had a fab time!!! just saw your twitpics ... love that you wore the dress. great pic of d too
shakalohana week two of flat wavez no surfin
cool guide.. my best tip.. do not use them unless absolutely needed !!!
my best friend is coming!excited
yep- same here. i have to be in the mood 4 it.
t, im sooooo bored right now
sis...i dont think i will be up 4 2nite sadly  im in alot of pain 2day & had bad nite...can we go out anotha week soon?****
this twitter is driving me nuts...wont let me download a profile pic!! ...guess i'll keep trying!!
reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason, depressed about revision, nothing happened. reason's worth it:matt, ...after that? i dunno
twitter is slowing me down today.
say a hi to me tom  please please
thought you might be interested in  [URL] see who's viewing your photos!
sitting with sabbeth in first period.  buhahaha we are so cool -sabbeth lmao
chicago rocks my socks
what you said about aj made no sense,hahaha. what were you talking about? and i loved that picture of you and colin!
listening to hey zulu - red n' meth. sux to be at work right now
i did the dishes and i'm now on a train to newcastle. have to leave #nontweetinggirlfriend behind for 2 weeks, which is always a bit sad
that and being so careless with her vocals.
really really cant sleep  x
at panera for lunch  byyy myself  aww
on the way to sthlm - it will maybe be a movie   // cool [URL]
@_catchfire happy birthday chip's sister
whew finally got in to rc..
****, my photo is gone!
this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??
i am a child of the digital age i use twitter to ask such questions do not bring logic into this
yayz! today's is the day i call and see if i got that job! x3 i ish so happy... even though i slept horribly... so i'm kinda drained...
just tried talking........voice died before end of sentence! annpyimg thing id, i feel fine!! another day of not playing the hits
lol yeah i guess you have a point
i have a headache
[URL] - better lighting would have enhanced the photo... nice angle though...
may the 4th be with you. happy star wars day!  [URL]
lol to see my king
oh, i see. daily life shots? it'll be interesting as well.
- woo! great subject for this month. now i can use my sparklers
marley won't watch the french open unless it's in hd, which it's not...   but my latest political ad is: [URL]
any gear you don't use anymore and want to throw away?
happy its the weekend...love has knocked me down ya'll!!!
_shantz heyy shantell!  twitter is cool, thats why! and guess what!! i followed britney spears, and she followed me back!
aw, sorry ur day sucked!  did u see my post abt car issues? lol i think it's safe to say it can only get better tho. beer-thirty?
dont worry, i will. i hate it when nobody comments on my pics
: oh its begun long before this!
that's what i was last night
do it and i'll give you the first hug
is so freaking bored on the bus. hate being poor, ï¿½4.80 return for a 10 min train or ï¿½2 return for an hour long bus.ipod has no battery 2
_nessiah yeah i will  in fifteen minutes or so.
i don't like the term 'partner' when it comes to relationships. it's too business like so that's my ugly word of the day
the top 5 words i've tweeted: hug, good, people, fun, twitter. [URL] ... that's really quite nice
at least you have a large vocabulary -- the benefit of being a writer   hope you're well, sister.
i want to play
thanks! you're the first one to wish me a happy mother's day
im the only ho that didnt go to tigerheat tonite
lol! i liked the log ride reference, but all i think about when i think of that ride is how wet you get
tired as hell!!!! bed time from cara  nighty night twitter world..
on duty in the students union with only 3 punters. there are more of us here than members of the public
i dunno what i'm gonna do. i love my skinny jeans!
_avenue love your website! wish i lived closer to sample the cupcakey treats
i always get really excited when 'steal my kisses' by ben harper comes on the ipod...great song...love the beat-boxing in the beginning
may the 4th be with you
_stack8 mady were did u go?  truck did u run away?
yep: [URL]  we go there for christmas treats!
john, are you sure we aren't mtb?
angels even though i'm probably not the third... angels and demons
just camee back from bowling, which i offiacial suck at
ugh! plane delayed due to weather!  stuck with another hour to kill.  [URL]
i'm going to try & get some sleep. i got work mostly all day & i'm training for bakery also. glammyyy crocker on deck. lmao. text or call
2,697 views on my flickr account.. maybe is not much for you...  but i'm happy  ... yay [URL]
watching ripley's believe it or not while eating=bad choice
watched the white house dinner speech by barack. he's just so many kinds of awesome!
i m totally confused and bored.. my life must change!!
that's the problem. dns isn't working  utorrent and destroytwitter are working while everything else is down.
watching 'all the kings men', it be pretty good so far!
i always miss out! i wont be able to commence in the foolishness til' the fall  but come fall i'll be visiting!! yay!!
_dee yeah, i bought some when i was making those crispy waffles
[URL] - lol  why are they drumming there?
: more interested in watching snl for ciara than justin timberfake
ok just woke up and need to get ready before a day of getting twitterena 2.1 submitted!
starting my internship today, pretty excited!
tempted to buy mac at acw....even though i don't need anything....but i want to try dazzleglasses
night night twitter world. [still cant believe the thomas thing  tomorrow's gunna be fun/sad]
is eating bbq jalapeno torta subway from los chaparros right next door..
i need to memorize julius caesar lines
music is always there when noone else understands  i agree it's very important, a single song can change your whole day
but have you got , and twitted a link to it. no? fail.
bored and lonely at work
i'm afraid im def. a product of the nri karan johar generation- i've been watching a lot of classics this semester
just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops
audiotistic! sneak your little butt in
lol. your tweets are always fun to follow  never a dull moment with the kulps!
miss you
_hall is that why you aint answer my call? thought we were homies!?
tired as ****. it's pissing down with rain. i miss summer
do you not like turtles?
photo: got my prints a few days ago, ready for the norskart exhibition  [URL]
hey,  thank you so much for the #followfriday. i failed miserably to get a list together this week
thanks so much to everyone who came out to speakeasy last night! what a hit. wonderful to see you all having fun! june will be awesome.
also it has a dense treatment of cps and continuation based interpreter design, which is not there in sicp. good to have both
nervous about going out tomorrow, cos its the first time since my daughter was born, she's 2!!! help
starting to pack stuff up
omg same here! they hurt so much
spiderwoman! she's an amazing mum, gr8 blogger, gr8 mentor & on top of that climbs walls!  [URL] -via
wedding anniversary meal yest. - first 5* proper meal out with wife since rohan born. she did well and only checked her phone 80 times
i wish you could come to swindon...2 hours away...its my dream to meet you  xoxo
not doing relay  oh well.
jolly good last night
is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? afraid to look at list.
needs some snuggle time....  but has to get through the work day first.  boo.
saw a dead bird on my way to work!what a kind of day to start?! poor little bird!
well.. all my slacking off earned me a d and a c   but at least everything else are a's and b's ^^  next school year all b's and a's esh!
aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
hello twittttty world! how do you do?
on the way to wildomar, ca towing the lexus
_y_tony hey
goodnight peoples!
cool  that's good. you back on trains for a while?
poor baby's got his first booboo  that he caused himself lol  [URL]
we said anyone could 'write one'...those special 10 selected are - of course - chosen because they are outstanding!
will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  the poster discussants are going so fast i can't write fast enough
like the simpsons? that's like asking, 'so you like breathing?'
getting ready to start my work week, it's so not tgif for me!! it's monday
lol, wen my mum used to take me as a kid, i wud always eat the bread instead! haha.
happy mothers day to all the mom's around  hope you have a wonderful day!
@_supernatural_ more demon sam!! i need it to numb the pain  ****
no prob, skittles we always gonna have yall's backs. the true sweeties dont play.. lol but yea we just got heated. we sry
it was a lonely battle, my friend, but you fought valiantly!
hope's she see her bestie today
haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on mtv.sunday morning i have an exam
good morning tweeter world!
sadly not, no. they're his colleagues and it's a work party
its summer and no one has texted/called me. im a loner
eeeeeeeeeeeeee i jealous sia i didnt get to seee
she is that's why she never speaks to me in college i think  .....i might just stick to unzela...if hashim dosnt shoot me
i'm so tired  of being sick all the time!!!!
bank holiday bliss - jeremy kyle, without even bothering the sky+
xd send it!
...no more adventure time
i have sore throat. that's suck.
no ff tweet for me?
haha how exciting  wat does it look like?!
my whole body back pain treatment and detox starts monday. not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food.
so you are like the rest of us on this miserable bank holiday.then lol
do you know if anyone from the believers never die tour is going on warped? i know  i can't wait haha
back to my interesting emails...
not eating funnel cake at mag fest is what i am doing
l.a. said 'wipe the slate clean' before the jelly!
first day at the new job! yeah!
we're going to panahra for dinner.  miss you guys.
happy mothers day to all your moms!
oh, that's bringing back fond memories... i want to, but i can't leave the kittens! (i sent you another pic of balloon)
thanks for the concern. and checking up on me! much appreciated
happy mother's day to all mothers out there!  i am not one myself, but i have been called something along those lines
those dog pic had me  rolf!  the one  with the snow stuck too it  has that 'if looks could kill look' way funny
oh ****, happy late birthday! (my txt didn't send  )
lmao shush. with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcers, and i think they are coming back  they just healed
back from uminaa
math is all that is left for the day, then the dmv
stood for 4 hours in heels. all for looks and to b able to look over tall people.
you did not write back to me
me and my son just got up.  he sure does love the morning time.  i know he did not get that from me.
welcome  ! since it seems you're interested in cheese i hardly suggest you to follow  too
cheers *lifts coffee cup* here here for mondays
pop, idk how to reply to ur tweet from my phone  lol but yeah my bday is in a few days. soooo excited!
girl u sit ya double decker neck **** down and talk about ppl who are on ur level and not above
_mcflyandjb its okay!!!  x
haven't twittered in forever. yeah, just had my sixteenth birthday party tonight
yikes!  i hope she was okay.  i never her heard her say her tummy hurt.
happy mother's day!  [URL]
great to meet you! thanks for the use of your umbrella...i hope you ate and got some sleep!
.. good morning peoplee  looks like it's going to be a nice day today! better than last week it was raining =(.
_inthemaking :aw
: omg! i never got your message so i didn't notice until i was looking back a ways! sorry, that was a good idea though...lol
and jarita i'm going home now and i'm with two hot guys  drool.
watching 'hostage'! also got an idea for that animation i'm making. hope to have it ready and post a link here by the fifth of june
i missed the bl***y bus!!!!!!!!
i took my ring out...
which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to az didnt raise $80 in price
morning ashleighhh  x
i dedicated that song to my vw when i sold it
not a fan
new baby doing well.  i will be attempting to do some more 'painting' this weekend.
thank you
hope y'all enjoy the musicboat cruise.  what a tough job - haha!!!
lol freakinggg i worse a lookse shirt and shorts and sandals and it looks like its gonna rain outside  boo yahoo wearther
oh wow thanks wayne
omg...did i just see a tweet from miss bonnie??? amazing...my phone died yesterday...and oster has alltel  i miss you
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!!!!!!!
tgif!! but i have so much work to do this weekend
driving home,iï¿½m so tired,had a bad day
today = marking *135
: to triste
screw my phone. its broken. dont bother texting.
visiting family in hospital = not fun
dinner and a movie with the hubby
have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation
thanks. i am greedy, looking for a full fledged widget (a la twitter) so i can like and share from within nv. 2 much to expect?
very excited as we have just booked tickets to vegas (we live in the uk) can't believe the  price of the show tickets
lol   the things u gotta do sometimes man smh lol
tracky daks are one of the only good things about the weather getting colder. that and porridge. i just did both
less than 24 hrs until graduation!!! going out tonight to celebrate
legend of inotia ??????? ??????. ?????? ???????. ???? ??????? 31? ?????, ????? ?????? ???. ????????? ???? ?????? ????? ??????? ??????????
that's half the solution, it doesn't address the intrusion into the link-sharing process, but thanks
i need to burp ....  im so nauseas....
not so good mood..
take a medicine
joe's version is pretty but it's a sleeper.  shouldn't be played at 1am.
i'm going to bed ....it's weird the 1st time in a long time.. he didn't call and say goodnight  ... ima lil curious
i lost my voice
at work sick  but i'm ok to the mall!
i wanna go see the cab really bad.
really? ur a brave lady walkin around those lions then.  any other book suggestions?
unfortunately, no.
has got my xbox back  , i have a really sore knee cant walk
i don't think so  what time are we leacing
was there going to be a recording of with the needle that stings in her heart on youtube or something? i missed the stream
lucky you, all we've had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
so bored. nothing to do
this song is a slap on you face!!  ? [URL]
naw, it doesnt match up lol and i have no shenanigans to discuss...  but i did do the thing...
what you took your bracket off... ? and now it's time for bed !
how come  its for us now to win ms twitter world.is it not working for you ?
that sucks!  how old are you actually?
get: 'fightstar - mercury summer' here: [URL] from: [URL]  #musicmonday #freemusic
well no phone today, we are waiting till june 9th to get a better deal sooooo  but its all good
home from the beach and only my feet are burned. i am proud of myself and the sunscreen.
i love those creditcard-sized memory sticks. and microsoft keeps sending them to me
missing my hobo/****/tramp way of life, and cooking for my mother on a saturday night  mama i luv u
watching miley cyrus on youtube!
to eat or not to eat? its gonna be my last meal for the next 2 weeks.
ach i'm back on t'internet, and  has to go drive her mate somewhere so is w'out internet
working on some product buzz (product reviews) for the blog... have a pain in the back of my neck
should i say goodnight or good morning?
heading to the gym.  the group of guys that used to go with me has all quit...well, except for brandon.   makes me terribly sad
also
_lord can't we just all get along?
happy mother's day to all you tweeting mothers
- l'd come if u could, but australia is just too far away
yessssss wore myself out this weekend planting my garden and working
eh, i've had better. i'm excited to see ryan hurley tomorrow
_toni   i'm having one of those days today also
not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. i don't like the indentation and, well, i'm clicking and no link shows.
i just love when all my little brothers friends come over
_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x
i should be sleep. i have to wake up soooo early
yeah dnt go there.. i have 3 dif apps on my phone for it  so sad but there is a reason as to why lol
[URL] nice photoshop effects
at a auto shop getting m suv fix ugh more $   [URL]
'family bird is the word' i <3 family guy
haha well i was at my friend's party, but then i realized i forgot my stepmom's bday, so i had to come home to call her!
trying to got through my 3,000 + unread e-mail messages. looks like this what i'll be doing for the rest of the evening.
i feel better today.
thanks for the tip! unfortunately a major crash in my https site, just as extplorer
one final down, two more to go!! wish me luck!! no a great effort!!
happy mother's day 2 all the fabulous moms out there. the world wouldn't run without us. keep up the good work! enjoy ur day
i think i would die if they played pushit. i missed them when they came last time. when isis toured with them
i love me some americana- but no movies to see
not had an offer like that for a while
i am sad because i broke my super-awesome giant paper clip i was using for my italy notes
going to french. anyone want to pick me up?
goodnight loveee, i have to attend extra classes at school tmrw. urgh
cool photo  is that outside your place?
i had a realization today, and it made me sad  but at least the healing can begin.
omg a rat... ewwwww. omg i cant wait for tha marra.. so ecxcited. annabel cant go tho
good morning.
ahhhh! cant find anything because i have way too much open
listening to metal shop at mooneys!! all is good
at work booo....
enjoying d view @ sg flyer
my computer is being killed by a combo of mirrors edge and really poor win7 thermal management...75c gpu = one sad game
very succesful cancertown launch yesterday
goodmorning/night to you too! sleep well
slovakian country side is a refreshing change compared to tarmac and cars, but i am a city boy and need the tarmac
entering twitter 'lurk' mode, time to lock the keyboard, just poured me a whiskey
its ok  saw u with joey thought u looked interesting like the same things on  #sanctuarysunday
you're fine - trying to kill off the bots and retweets in a bid to be the least popular person on twitter. btw, who are you ??
change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be n don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
mahalo  great show!   aloha, thx for makin it out to kauai, we enjoyed it!  safe trip
- i will see if there's a used organ shop there & let you know. but why not just sign up to ejamming.com and rock out!
omg - the m&ms in my pantry are calling my name. i've been ignoring them all day. it is driving me completely insane. too many calories
nice! what r ur plans for 2day? oh n happy mothers day if u happen 2 b a mother
yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh friday..and i work tomorrow
i bet they will be great bags! can't wait!
site of our first date - macri's deli - closed.  lunching at favorite local greek spot - the trojan horse - instead.
just slammed my finger in a car dor  fml ow
gets to get up at 8am tommorow to collect money for relay for life! yay me! i do not want to get up
is going home... i've seriously had enough
was wong?
you aint invite me
hold on to what you've got
oh cool you are coming to berlin    ! ! !
i had a joke for you, but it's too long to tweet.
i will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill.
gonna miss my gurl while shes on her honeymoon
i can't stop listening to  new single! (paranoid) it's so amazing. i love them.
****.. my legs are sun burned...
you can turn the bird sounds off if you like in twitterena - check out settings from your home page
wants to greet all the moms a happy mother's day!!
noooo fb has been good to me..especially for the love of conversation
_cochran hi corey.. just saw your reply now.. here it is 5:30pm .. an i have a long night coming...
: heheï¿½i bet you have never looked back!  3 weeks is a long school trip!
swimming and tanning was heaven! i blasted music while tanning and was in my own world.
ohhh me, i am rather bored. how can a friday night be soo boring!
dlukasrossi lukas- your amazing wife, her updates are locked! hard to convince people to follow protected profiles,
is about to eat a hot link torta!!
installed the new modem which is meant to run 5 times faster than the old one and its slower  what the hell? gah slow internet kills me
i'm not sure which part you're replying to, lol - but bb starts soon
think yourself lucky!  i also broke  all my fingers at school when a window sash broke with my fingers like pancakes on the sill
wow.  i hope he gets better... cancer can gtfo.
get down tonight: [URL]  the bridesmaids, moms, bride & i rockin' the reception
the parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. i got jipped! and the 10 free minute button didn't work.
eating which wich, yumm! dont think i've had it since the season ended
.  he's in bed sick. heavy fever. went to dr's. part of the reason i'm watching aladdin 2 now and still haven't been fed
if u can smell goodness all around you and energy of big city and pinch on butt feel real yes u are in chicago
taking back the horrible shoes my mum made me get.. urgggh. they are some nasty footwear! problem is, i can't find any other shoes!
already back from shopping and about to do a nice monday roast
_1210 i'm not going till wednesday
i'll stop by for a bit when i'm off.  but have to rush to rehearsal - no quiet for me tonight.
aye. now i want cheesecake
asks thnx for griting    take care too  god bless [URL]
hey rocstar
ontd is our god
**** none. but yea last weekend was crazy, i think i partied to hard, thats why im sic.
doesn't get to see her fav5 today like planned
im soooo loney
is hungry with a sub
is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the metro
what the hell ross?! where is hugh laurie! he was supposed to be on tonights show
ummmnnn ummmnnn good thanks for letting me know earlier... i ate already
got told i got a good chance at gettin the job  i am so so excited .omgggg. when i come back i want too...
right folks, really must go now; have to babysit my nephew in the morning. another early start. no twilight time  nare mind. nightall. x
i'm just sick of stupid guys but for a moment u make me believe not all of them suck then i get back to reality
wish i could  want to stay and play with u guys and enjoy a block party for once
is saddened by husker access...no internet!
oh ****!  i forgot to eat! grumble grumble.
may 10 is human kindness day.
kinda pissed really wanted to go see drag me to hell with christina and garrit, but i have to work till 2am  i'm go... [URL]
aww...you're such a softy...i can only imagine you a mess of tears at your own wedding...you won't even be able to talk
i'm so jealous- it's pouring right now
sickkkkk.  get me out of this house! need to get active. whats going down? celina havin a party? hit me uhpp!
at myhouse with the girls tonight
happy star wars day!
away to the cinema tweet later may the 4th be with you all  x
i finally went and found some of the songs we sang in church in wellington online. was easier than expected - yay google!  #fb
ahhhh now i have no pic
first fail, cant tweet from phone. oh how i love my work phone
says new layout! back to default plurk themes, yay. pero dumugo ilong ko kaka-tweak sa font ha.  [URL]
_nj oh! i'm only in my 7   i just joined twitter a few days ago....
it's been fine for me for like, a week, but now it just won't load.
thanks a lot! you're very kind!  i just got back from a nice drive in the 500. such a fun car to drive  have a nice day!
ahhh...lily's new kitten just took a giant wet stinky **** on me
you said you **** up your nose!
wishes you had teased me with movie night
it's this year. can't catch it, won't be in ny till oct 2010  [URL]
my stomach is killing me do i can't sleep
why?
agreed
reese's pieces ily
not the best way to start your day
just ate way to many chocolate animal crackers
oh.. tnx for following cass.
don't know  and no not at all
'my problem isn't that i miss you... 'cause i don't'
omg! taylor and selena broke up  sooo sad, aw i think i actually like selena now. poor gal.
ten update away from 2000 whooo hoooo budden!
_attack thanks dude!
it's  last friday today
taylor swift and joe jonas looked really good together. i'm kinda sad they broke up.
you too sweetie
_kimbalicious you can have the milk i have, i only have that here to drink  i think thats whats making me feel sick
mom says i have to get a new phone immediately....off to t-mobile.  she paying....
yooo myyyyye bust how i'm sick tooo... just shoot me.  long night tonight.
i wanna join the twit club......
i am a freshman in this site. how to update? help
nowhere babe  ice come to do a few jobs here this morning *sigh*
broke up with girlfriend, feeling very lonely and heartbroken  sad times guys (n)
just finished some sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner
why can't i sleep ????? is it too much to ask for :-p
gained 3lbs wish i could afford something other than top ramen... if only i had a job...
is drinking. yay!
is a sleepyhead. looking forward to tomorrow. i love his family.
what about the dilfs? oh wait, wrong month....happy mothers day
alright, rawknroll.net live on radio23.org - next 2 hours of vivid spring to summer music  rawk on and enjoy!
omg.  i'm so sorry! anything i can do to help?
dont wanna cry  but the seniors are out there graduating&its breakin my heart;but im home
x-men:wolverine was hot! i say go watch it
i should be doing history.....
lol! no trialing...for the most part florida trials come to a screeching halt over the summer.  have fun this weekend!
cleaning my roooooooooom, about to continue playing with my dsi
looking for a show to turn my brain into mush so it doesn't hurt anymore  any good free online ones you know of?
gooooooodmorning world(: god bless, and have a great day!
i think the x3 is confusing ;-) can't believe that many peeps will know that it should be a heart
thanks, glad you agree wth my follow or not policy
wish i was there!
i'm so unhappy being here. i hate it. it's affecting everything. my relationships with people, my personality, my attitude...
my ipod headphones have gone kaput.  wanted to buy new ones. should i buy some bose instead then? do they work with apple?
e3 2009 will be the first time i will not get to see g4tv's e3 coverage since comcast moved the  g4 channel from basic cable to premium
on the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift
boy is going to a movie. i wish i didn't feel like ****.
i didn't get my q'doba today! sad
ahh..my stomach hurts
_xo  wicked , what time you leaving? how come you cant stay the night
nope  i wasn't home went it was on but i will soon,
lol, my current mp3 player is a brick. it would be nice to have something slim
'hi im jonathan from spotify, 4 just 9.99 a month u cn have unlimited music w/ no interuptions' but i luv r little chats j, dont leave me
lol fine, i go for her too
omg i am @ the hair salon. *tears*  i hope i get out of here soon. we watching the real house wives of nyc in here.
and  thanks  hoping its just allergies and not a nasty flu!
i love the music video of you belong with me by taylor
[URL] - can you lend me one? i have a cold too
got an appt. w/ the doctor at 4pm today to look at these 'bites'. hoping it isn't an infection. i need more powerful anti-itch cream.
finally in my bed, & i must say, i had quite an evening. i'm ready to tackle this work week & see what next weekend has in store for me
it was just true  and you do cause me to having dirty thoughts lol well also some other dude, huh? ;) xoxo
maybe u should get a coffee machine at your new desk, seems appropriate
are you all going without me
concur with [URL] but people can't wait. don't stop making vas. when clouds become a commodity, do 'cross-cloud'
helloooo (: star wars day is cool  lool. wen do you go to cnaterbury then ? x
it's not as bad if you don't combine. fx are nice. i like windows 7 1000x better than vista so far. to me vista is win me reborn
btw, hey ppl. lol tgif. hopefully ur day is gr8. mine is aight. feeling like it kinda sux i got no plans 4 the wknd....
tapit:e446wwhllyar tk3h6694prmp 9r46tahxefkt please @ reply me if you win! thanks!
taking in the local art
new photo   im hungry...getting off the computer now!
well at least they have good taste in art,cabinet appts.not so much
just got home from school and from the wake of my friend's father.  so tired..
, i'd love it if you haven't had any takers yet
i right here...don't worry
now it's weekend! it's so great!  i saw the rest of twilight tonight, and i also have read fininsh  break for know.. could i do that?
i just wanted to say, that you have the best screen name ever. that is all.
wasnt it sad?  was the 3d good?
cannot sleep i'm super duper duper excited pour la paris.  the love city.
i'm 3 days late, but happy birthday  hahahaha
i'll help if you pay for my reactivation
one week till exam block
i need one more follower.
hiii im on my ipod...i cant fall asleep
my birthday chicken  [URL]
haha. i know. and then i need a new car too. oh ps i got a speeding ticket.
its so sad how dead it is.
dont cry for me! i will see u tomorrow.  muah.
chocolate with peanut butter. one of my favorite combonations
have a glass of cold water and meditate a bit. <3
10 more minutes and i never have this class again. its kinda sad cause this class is so fun
hmph. this is nowhere near as effective as it was a few mins ago. i wonder if it was a coincidence. followers: please report ur findings
back at the vet and it isn't good
had a great time last night, but my eye is burning !!! it hurts bad
in honour of #starwarsday, i have fired up a new hope in the dvd player in full thx glory
well sadly i live in the most boring city in the usa, so there is nothing to do here.
i need some hot green tea  i cant sleep  ....
salt and vinegar
i can't direct message you for my free lunch
sorry about that. i got behind on followers and am still catching up.  i follow folks that @ me (including you
my bf had to go to her dads for the week end. i will have 2 full days of bordom.
i'm a new french girl in twitter! and i speak english very bad
yeah it did, it explained everything
yup, us too. spending time with mom, sis and aunt  have a great mothers day!
waaa you too
why hasn't he called. i'm being blown off yet again.
i went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
i need a break... pfff... work sucksss will be in myrtle beach sc in 45 days...  things like that make me soooo happy woeiwoeiwoei
sunburnt  gutted! hope it's faded by tmw!
good morning and thank you for the re-tweet. have a great day yourself.
today i salute all mothers and honour the feminine....and now its time for a beer
thanks joeman!
_hawt hmm..  interesting choice.
my puppy gizmo h8s me..  haha. he still growls @ me.  i always look back @ my long pruple scar on my fingie
making mashed potatoes, and vegies to go with 's t-bone steak for when he gets home
lol, don't rub it in
surf's up this week - starting this afternoon
, awe, me in work, no bbq for moi this weekend
the one day i do my hair, weather sucks  where is the sun?
i didn't get the job  but i will keep applying to other school.....i do want to teach!!!
wanna know a not fun way to wake up? having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no **** reason, that **** sucked
to make a long day short--i did nothing. =d well, i had some friends over they just left (3:55am) we have been drinking since 9.  smashed
thanks so much! we love fanmail  talk to us anytime
wgn in chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas, but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting
that's dope!  stay out of trouble
[URL] - oh my god! you're adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration nick!
awe - didn't know cats got skin cancer
_lou hahah hopefully!  enjoy your day
if i end up working in dc, gmu is on my 'short list' for masters no. 2. started sys eng program in the 90's; never finished.
tati, i sent you an emal doll, did you get it?
bored...um...song of the day: 'i caught myself by paramore' and 'no good deed from the musical wicked'  oh! and fully alive by flyleaf!!!
my hair hurts
thinks something and okay, goodluck ako.  [URL]
this is twistory... in the making. yeah, i stole that one from you
people are just pisssing me offf. ugh
seen loads of new photos and stuff of new moon and cant wait  lol (l) taylor lautner lol   takes his shirt off 3 times yum =]... lol
soetimes i envy those who have spent their whole lives in one place and have deep roots... the grass on the other side syndrome!
yeah bit it is overheating a bit and the ac died.
ok so i'm a lil happier now.. i hope i fixd my emails.. hope they weren't hacked although it seemed really suspicious!!
awww, watching 18 y.o. britney on snl. she's so young and cute and really funny! i miss this britney
the wedding is over everyone has gone home, newlyweds are off to canada and finally, there is quiet! and i'm late for work
work soon. lame going to miss the   go lakers! hope you win!!!!
looking forward to your mandarin album.  hope that you will come singapore again
tom is not with u!  hahahahahahhah he's with my bff
heh, thats the same theme i used on [URL]
wahey! fancy meeting you here  thanks for the tweet and great to be twittered together
ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code
wishing i could be in sï¿½o paulo for the show  but fortunately i went to the brasilia one! haha
loved the comment on flashcads! i'm old school too!
1 more day!
cant say i havee, im at james' but i did some rs yesterdayy!. im learning my quotess
listening to music, texting . umm msn lol.  bit bored . lol. garth brooks wooo i love him hehe . <3
i'm originally from seattle, i've just lived everywhere else, including many places in the south
each day is a new beginning
sounds like fun  lol. at least you still have some hair right?  how was the weekend?
still dealing with quite a bit of pain, will jump off here soon to lay down,very frustrating  thanks 4 asking
_rashid reeeaaaally... why though??  ew i hate stockings
now i feel sick.
nice new profile picture! glad to see some friends in there
_mcflyandjb in heaven, i'll go everywhere
addicted to glee... watching the video over and over again....i should be out
sorry to disappoint. not a big nascar fan but i'm still an all-around decent redneck other than that.
i may see the sun come up. all my bits are sore today - but life is still grand  tomorrow is a new day! sleep well, friend!
girl i am buying & posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no **** clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it
omgsh i know  i'm dealing with that rite now. its no fun!
*hug* yep i hate that meself
the washer se chingo  ha  ha!! i'm busting my grandma lucia waaaaay back in the early 90's lol
goodnight...happy mothers day to all the mami's on twitter
i think if i was kirk, i would have probably stolen that sweet ride from you too.  fancy in car phone ya talk through gg.
my monday has been going extremely well. not what i expected at all!
good morning! looking forward to listening to the prodigy on radio 1 big weekend.  brought their album yesterday!! =p amaize tbqh. x
**** em
that was not venessa that was me..
i miss you too; i need to talk to you, i keep screwing up ..  lovee u !
my grandpa was telling me how they used to cut up human bodies in med school
_ [URL] - hmm thats the bu tour list...but thats so cool!  and why does it say 2008?...
just had my hair cut it looks like ****
rt  #barcampbkk3 for entertainment at night, bring your favourite mp3s .. there should be a way we can enjoy music together
trying to figure out how to personalize my downloaded wordpress blog!  not as easy as i was hoping   any suggestions?
_geronimo    thanks for sharing with your friends!
: i know!! im so excited. we cant go earlierrr than the afternoon?  i love you tooz <3
any city person want to trade n live in the country? house comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh*
time for a clean up.
going to work nightshift....
is at her nan's house eating fish and chips and watching top gear. good times.
as of today, _a_bo0 and i have been going out for two years. best two years ever
don't 4 get to call your moms tomorrow...mothers day
it was ok after all. a couple of things made us late and stuff but after we got there we had a lot of fun.
good luck on final!
word to yer mother!!   \m/
haha well, kinda! i'm mommy to my lil' pom-chi  hehe  thank you! ;)
re-direct that energy into creating men's jewelry.    and frequent walks too.
cool, i used to live 5 houses to the left of that place  always something going on :p
thanks  the elephants look magnificent this is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3g pleease and cheap!!
well, i do what i can for the x spammers watchin'
and the download failed  my phone does not like your phone.
how i wish i get at least 2 days-off in a row. 1 day off is not enough to rest.  3 days on, 1 day off, 4 days on, 1 day off...ugh!!!
sitting in an empty yearbook room.  attempting to figure this asap out lol
going to bed. talk to ya later!  goodnight birdies lol
just came back from hanging out with some friends + cocktails. <3 i'm not drunk, but feeling good.  hope everyone's well?
dear mikey robins: nah, you've heard it all before
tgif!!! but also sad that this is last day i get to work with my favorite tv reporter
doin' the crocodile rock
giv ya mom n gman happy mothers day
for   ? [URL]
i know. but.
awesome fortune cookie!  i think you really will go to exotic places.  hope all is well!!!
iis working until 4 now and really wants geordanos thin crust cheese, black olives, peperoni and mushroom pizza
i'm miserable with my boredom.
it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  i wanted to cry too...i hate storms! wah
wishing i was there, so you should go in my place. #brandwkshop [URL] i see they've got scott bedbury and more.. poor me
_cath a couple of years  i knew you had one but i couldn't find you for awhile..here you are!
umm yeah. that's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
im cold  i still cant find my hoodie
just showin some love to ya. and i'm really gonna miss greg beeman's directing next season. ya'll's commentaries r so funny
haha who thought that?
haha better drunken tweeting you mean?
esp with twitter access! the party never stops - even 'at nite' cuz it's always daylight 'somewhere' around the world!
thats my moan for the day
i queue for cake standing up and with a slight look of deranged anticipation on my face.
happy birthday keshia, keshia, bo beshia
yaaay for u cleaning ur room. i said hi to u the other day & u didnt write me back
i miss the old... ha, ha. i can't tell that person's name.
very true.  and well behaved women rarely make history.
not really ;d nice pic .  no but could u imagine those 2? ... i thought so
and with it, i can be online even after i have to log off habbo
seriously getting hurt.... 4 days before nationals.. what a joke
living my life
not funny he profiled my ****. like wtf? i'm still kinda heated. ugh
is not feelin well... i feel sooooo weak....i hate bein sick in the summer
morning to you too joe
i misss youhhhhhhh ci! tell dem japenese ppl to give yu a computer or sumthinnn. ya twit fam misssesss supa c!
with
sorry i can't help it, hopefully it rubs off on you.
no one calls me anymore
migranes suck....especially when the kids are suddenly hyper.
working on this **** financial project, definitely not having any fun this weekend  , i want to spend it wit my baaaby waaaah
_brown damnit, i accidentally put  instead of  in my #followfriday
just say no reeesee cup
rice is ready to eat.off now to watch comet 2009!the most important music price in germany.wow n lisa arrives around 12p.m.  still 2 hours
it's a tough life you lead!
havnt gotten any in months  my ex seems into dating but there isn't that spark anymore  still in love with loser who left me
hahahha but days off are cool when nothings open  its like isolated and haha cool
nuggets game with everyoneeeee except .
i ? jonas' second episode! aww! nick is so handsome
_elaine lol y i see ya twitts all tha time n i didnt get this one till right now lol and u never get mines  **** twitta
had a great shot yesterday, editing pics now
currently watching american idol
southridge was moved a week later cause of swine flu, i think
sitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a ****. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym
_0 so all done with wow blogging eh?  *huggles*
following _aisa these guys could be shifty but worth following regardless.
too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members
i dreamt about monsters last night.  like a little girl.
lo siento but i dint have enough room =/
seems that you,  and i are all ex-baristas!  commonalities ftw!
_benson it's raining where i am. i wish it wasn't.
i love you mom....alwayyyyyyyssssssss
i got mcdonalds, surpisingly its not a popular drunk food option.  its sucks that all diners aren't 24hrs here anymore
waitin for dr dee.... had lunch with my beautiful lady  before that i was on the gym ... ( yeah need to loose 10 more  )
the sun has gone in!
**** frat - that's too bad...  should be a good show (at least i'm hoping so) esp. since it's in bk...
gosh, no need to be so rude.
awe  wit the snap of my fingers n a nod of my head ur rain is gone  lol...thxs hit up afterwards
'i'll see you again yeah?' 'its up to you' 'i guarantee you will, i dont want to wait to long not seeing you' **** fruit basket! hahaha
back to work i go....
my pooooor baby (my dog chachi)  she had surgery todayyyyy
archie proposes veronica in the latest archie's comic. the longest known love triangle is coming to an end. poor betty.
all white shoes make me cringe  . white shoes give me pause.
i meant you are not lazy, your work proves it
haha mon...do you really want me too send it?
is sooo close to finishing her exams  role on monday and i will have my life back.
up early for class. ((blahh))-------> hang over kiddies
speakerphone with the bestie  love that kid [URL]
sigh, still seos are submitting their client sites with part or no contact information on, i really don't know how to make them read
: am sad i got no money on my phone. ahh well  lly mitchel ****
haha. not sure what local is to you, but if i was then you'd have to fight me for it!
#followfriday     follow these ppl ... they are interesting ..  doesnt tweet much though
now i need to find the keynote one! at least i know where to go! #screencastsonline
wish my nicky were home too
no gas plus no money = desperation!!!   and that's the word of the day!  [URL]
goodnight.
i'm loving the humidity right now...great for the skin....another love that won't last
if i do that, i'll have no pc
that sucks majorly...hhhmmmnnn...i'm thinking...i would've said the self tanner or a really good concealer...i'm stuck
i don't see why not
awe thank you!!  good morning to you aswell!!
n now the end to another wise great nite! excuse me while i dream a little dream
probably the coooolest thing we've ever done
_nichole i miss my earrings  lol you should let me know when your close by
_von_abe  i have no idea!! but all white?? weird!! but not bad
good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;d and school now... hmm new shoes make it better  [URL]
got back from the party...suprisingly awesome, need to dance more often! overall, awesome night
did not understand anything you said
depends where your drinking, what your drinking, and how many mates you have. joke fails
will deplurk too. buhbyeee  [URL]
oh, i forget things you see. ahah. i hated that! it creeped me out.
in a lazy sunday; just had a very late lunch,and forget to buy pr,we're on page 16
looking forward to the show tonight. can't wait for ol mate  to
voting has closed
fish and chips for din dins
* news flash * megaredpacket, your instant internet empire (early bird launch) check this deal out   [URL]
going for a walk in nï¿½mme to test out new hiking equipment: telescopic trekking poles, boots, coolmax socks
yukky  rainy friday
prayin for dad  in wellington, fl [URL] (via ).  i too live in welly. may i pray f.. [URL]
figuring out how this twitter thing works
going to bed now  *thinks i twitter way too much*
ja  deze is interessanter - why text messages are limited to 160 characters - [URL]
google adsense income down by 6% in this months payment, indian govt happy for $ falling, publishers sad
me, here again!
all the best for your ib exams carl. i hope you don't find them too difficult and that they go well for you.
thanks lady.... bummer for sure.
ok sweet! and whenever u want, i am stuck in bed all weekend
i work at the group home
hahaha, as cartoon mascots go, the virl.com monster has some very nice details... a good shadow + realistic tonsils.
i miss my brother.  12 more days till he gets bac to tennessee. he said he was singing 'find my way bac to tennessee' today. haha.
maybe going apartment shopping with ashley?
just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait
8am math final wish me luck
omggg, how were the 'crazy cobras' i wantewd to see them when they were in london
is currently watching supernatural whilst waiting for skins to come on
last song .. then i really have to go  ? [URL]
just got on twitter. no friends to add!  none of my friends are in twitter
great day yesterday. good win for forest, some celebratory 'staying up' drinks, a trip to an unsuccesful bbq and ï¿½1.50 stellas in scream
is going to attempt to cook chunky beef & mushroom pie tonight  mmm, i'm hungry already!
sheena othman happy mother's day to all mothers in the world......  i'm yet to experience the joy of being a m.. 31: sorry, but you ha ...
oh my gosh, loved it!
: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1
i miss !! she's gone for the whoolllleeee weekend!!! boo hoo
a post on my warhammer blog for anyone interested  [URL]
says happy mother's day!  [URL]
is it culture day? love it. i'm telling you graf culture in the study
first time i'm going home early  sucks to b single no one to call
i hope to see you soon again
oh, i'm so sorry. i feel your pain. i can't kill them either, and i'm always the one that finds them. why is that?
a slightly less disturbed night, after a while, which is a good thing. looking forward to some quality time with my toadtastic boy
that's cold
back home. man im hungry. getting ready..shopping
hotness personified
just got back.
at home
[URL] - but a brown snake bit my duck named elvis  anyway ahaha elvis is soo cutee!! and so is nicho ...
ohhhh i don't know ;) an older mature lady?
my purple pusrse is pretty  someone tell katie holmes!
need more songs to download. suggestions? ill take anything
it's star wars day?! urgh i'm gonna have to get the videos out
good morning tweepsland! makin' it a great monday! huge shout out to all my followers .. muah, muah! i appreciate you all
dinner with the family. watching wild child in the car
someone in united states liked eleminis [URL]
is about to go buy his mother a mother's day gift
_giiggl3z lmao ight im dun wit the faces lmao id rather see urs tho  lol
you're missing the devil wears prada!!!!! sad...
_asher better.  that wasn't one of my better summaries
finally going home! its been a long night.. ready to crash and have awesome dreams
lol after this weekend yea ur right  text me cause im goin to 3rd and they dont have computers there  bye bye
_beckett thanks so much !
hi everyone, hoping all of you have a good week
11 days till county raly  i had 2 tak 3 from 14 it took me a while
wow, really? i didn't know it was that serious.  well that sucks. texas must have been chock full of asbestos.
relaxing with my daughter watching friends
today we say goodbye to the second good friend in a week from dmp  but at least the sun is shinning and i'm definately not working this pm
_aitana k ??? what??? no way!!!! no
sitting around doing **** all....tired
ask  to create a fake competetion and declare you the winner and then gift you a return ticket courtesy the producers.
man with a kickin' top hat just left. invited me to blues jams session put on by street musicians. harpmanhatter.
laying on my bed. one spot smells like vanilla.  awesome
eating nothing, drinking water, about to watch a movie, join me?
just finishing shooting, can u believe it, but got the job done
don't know who u r anymore!!!
loving my new tv
im sad...there's a for sale sign in front of my house!!
i have so much stuff in my car that i can just feel my mpg going in the toilet.
seems like i'm the only person over here doing postal voting for the upcoming election ... been there already twice to get the documents
i'm not being mean
has no idea wtf twitter is about but willing to give it a go!  going out for a bit!
catching up on holiday expenses, and two weeks of gift grub
wow, honestly not surprising, every time they try to push that guy he gets injured
wooooo!! twitterberry is working again!! good morning everyone
so go back for more
sorryyy milerz that i can't vote i would love to vote but it doesn't works i'm sad  and very frustraded  :@ :@ --__--
they don't know that i like him cause i've never ask them bout him.oh well i guess your right. i feel abit better now
my teeth and head hurts
awww that's so sweet  wish you could see yourz 2
that's no bueno...hope u feel better!
looking for accessories for my #livescribe smartpen.. not many sources here in germany for it.
hey, good morning guys!!
early phonograph industry? done.. just the rest of apm to revise  and only berry the green rabbit and ribena man for company
how i wish my parents put me into a chinese school when i was younger. then, it'll be so much easier for me to get a job...
now that's a very nice way to fall asleep.
just hanging around the house. thank god its friday. with nina &  later and working on a global project
'phlegmily green house...' that was clever, but ever sooooooo ...... eeeeewwwwww. [more slow clapping] get well soon.
can you talk to my hubby  and convince him that that's a great present for all mommies???
i'll be thinking about how many goals united are going to knock past city. how 'bout you?
you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?
lol! there u go..that's the spirit haha
hey guys i'm going to create an iphone app that's a twitter client called tweetilicious please  me your thoughts!
shopping is therapuetic and i'm all about bettering myself... i need financing for my therapy however
mother's day wishes from google... pretty & beautiful flowers on google logo  [URL]
i'm gonna miss the show  at whitby for the weekend! btw i love your show! radio 1 is always on! ly x
my pleasure, its a great recipe
driving back home because i forgot the piece of cake for _era
[URL] - lauren is amazing....well from what i see on the hills lol  seem like a great friend to have!!
fighting a sore throat.. few more days hard training then rest next week for sunday race.. oooohhh sun's out... nope.. gone...
lack of sleep leads to major head ach
my fav. song is uh...honestly, its rude for u to make us choose.  lol i love 'em all!
, totally worth it!! great movie cool 3d glasses! i miss ya! and i miss   and i miss new york too
can't sleep throat dry as hell.. ugh ! still gon' wake up fabulous !
that's a great idea
my love makes me sooo happy
listening to the cat snore
have you met me? (lol) my middle name is creepy fgs
hahah  i loveeee him though.
lovely night, guys. full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
this day will pass slowly.  all of these days will.  rawr!!!!  ...
@_handz_ well you know those 'kind of guys' are just idiots
i have to work tonight.  *m*
happy mother's day to all my favorite moms.
go get some fresh air :] to refresh mind
maybe i'll go one day and thanks i'm all swined out
[URL] - me and ari
me &  are laying in the back of a fox truck on the drive down to the race!  lol
p-nutt got a new collar and leash today  [URL]
favorite little cartoon movie in the world
it's a really warm day in seattle! my reeses chocolate is melting!!!
and it's starting to get cold
yeah, plus it's just a little too far to walk to pinocchio's for sushi
u dont even need to go to the options, the button is right there (on top right corner)
duncan finally got his orders... leaves for iraq in september. open invite to stay with me anytime during the year he'll be gone
listening to broken by lifehouse (on repeat)
hey  yall were amazing at bamboozle! thanks for stopping to take apicture on saturday.. seemed like you were in a rush though!
wow that's quite a long time for studying  good luck with the job hunting though.yes also a mac user (imac) this side hehe
hi!! how are you? you're an amazning actress  greets from slovenia
i'd love for nicky poo and bri & howie & aj, to wish me a happy birthday  please please please please pleaseee guys..
i'm going to go check out dj volt.
we're dealing with overactive let-down right now.   [URL]
cant **** wait mate!!! it is goin to fantastic. its made my week
wanted to sleep but a friend from denmark just poked me on im
the first thing she said means 'your new album is really good' and the second thing, 'don'****'s broken'. i am persian!
busy wit work  how is your business going on?
goooooodmorning
great photoshoot today with chris ryan of rolling stone, keegan smith & the fam may be opening for dave matthew's band this summer!  eek!
my dog nemo cause he wimpers every morning when i leave
so apparently i left my front door wide open before going out to my show. with my and my moms laptops on the coffee table. love my area
thank you for the follow !  looking forward to your tweets...
!!! tell us your experience! i loveeeee youu!
_exp not where i live.
i'm watching cqc a brazilian humor program
unfortunately, yes...not outside!
aaarrrgh! i sooo want to see  at msg in august but dammit the decent seats are expensive. booooooo recession!
oh em i'm sorry  i wuv you to pieces
1st- ty to those who follow back.  2nd - grrr to those who don't, cuz it messes up being able to follow others u want to when ur at 2000+
had someone tell me tonight 'there are only 2 states to be in, qld and pissed'
i'd prefer 'observationally insightful', but call it as you see it.  my ice cream's just too fancy tonight.
not at the moment, well i cant find it yet!  lol
psyched for mother's day at the gkr party--and teaching mom and dad about baseball
well thank you! i'll try and remember to put it somewhere
just called toyota. car won't be ready til 5.
i'd just plain go crazy
at least it's friday...working 'til 1:30am
listening to mcr, watching dvd's, chocolate hehe  awesome
roast was yummy, i think mum was impressed!!!
'allo there twitter  how are we today?
76 long and painful miles today.  knees ache.  approaching 50 years is rough. not accepting it well.  3 glasses of draft helped.
[URL] - look, , the rosemary in my back garden, in camerabag's 'lolo' mode
yep im very jelous too  id love to be in miley position haha x
i'm bummed that i can't wear my sweet nike kicks to work.
i am here to make friends.. real life, internet.. what ever level people are comfortable with..
where do you get all those wonderful toys?
hey free
i want to talk with but the calls are so expensive  i love you
what a waste of lives ... [URL]
i'm still waiting for the oprah touch
better than work, work, 10 minutes for lunch, work, work, work? actually it might be. i don't work very hard
sometimes i wish i had my own prototype mentor.
last late late with pat kenny! bless
i heard your moving to sydney next year im not happy
_phillips she says yes  shall we say 6:30?
what? i focused on tom so much i didn't see my beloved barack! oh no! i must vote for both! poor president only has 626 votes.
ill be alright but the whip may not
so glad i'm not at uni anymore
mmm someone come havelunch with me
i'm new on twitter.....hi everybody!!! suggestions for me???
oh, sweetie, i'm so sorry.  that's the last thing you needed right now. *hugs*
greeeeeeeeeeeat  this summer i have four classes...if you know me...u know why
bom dia! frioooo... que delï¿½cia!!!! good luck in your first day, ju!
my puppy is sick
wishes the rain would stop so my stupid headache would go away!
[URL] microsoft has released zune also in europe, no hd for us
and to you too!!!!
happy mother's day to all the mom's
school and work that's it really. what about u? still in sac? or am i a tittle late
been working lots of overtime this week. only just realized i booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even
can you dig it, sucka?  booker t.  former wwe wrestler
my sister just called... she's officially in labor! looks like anna and josie are getting a new cousin today!!  (and this one is a girl!)
is tired and about to go to sleep. night everyone
facebook decided i'm annoying or abusive because i add lots of friends. at least i have no distractions from coursework now...
happy mother's daaay!!
love to see that!
morning  about to tackle armhole prob - may have a solution not involving tape, will update you!
i can rome without ceasar
my dad just bought me both of these  they're tricky language tho
no blood drives in my area.  i'll keep looking.
meeee too. i am listening to sad music and missing you.  ps - [URL]
_zorz_peep count yourself lucky i was gonna say the other word instead...and rsvp...sorry i cant come to ur birthday...day?
whats up rick??
i still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it
and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs
home from school today
sounds a bit alan partridge  a-ha! (good morning, by the way)
i'm now totally addicted to farm town. frankly, it's more fun that fixing laptops or studying the diseases that will kill us all.
follow  just because... or don't either way they have really cool tshirts  hey johno x
i hate this weather! when u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy
i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain
leaving wildwood tomorrow  but luke says we will be back soon!
scary cape guy
it was good. next time you get oohed you know where to go!
i was hoping for a better trailer
amost there
it's a good day! the lake is a mirror, the kids are happy, and i get to clean the cabin today... err two outta three ain't bad!
sometimes it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. what if they are in pain. how would they tell us.
so after church, i went to the mall with my parents, i got a new backpack that can fit all my schoolbooks and my laptop
i can't believe my little brother is married...
finally...the internet is up. the server is down in phoenix and it was **** up.
so cold
my mum loved the camp rock mothers day card i gave her. i knew she would. happy mothers day from new zealand! haha ily lots  ****
nice to meet you. mike, video producer cf miami.
just left work. inventory was way easy  and i got to put in my highschool musical 3 cd! it was amazing. goodnight goodnight everyone :]
loved those books   did you read the host?  amazing storyteller.
i don't understand the whole follow friday thing?
watching some movie and playin on my computer.
i'm super tired and probably could sleep all day but i work 12:30 to 9:30 today in tool rental... oh the joy!!
- i shall post a notice in town so us cork ladies know to watch out!! lol  you had fun then?? sevens were the business !! ;)
happy mothers day!
: yes she got all lovey with him& he returned the love&1thing led2 another&  also  wants2 know y ur mad at her
aww sorry boo. i haven't bought a printer in 4 years; my canon i900d is still making amazing prints. have zero fisheye exp.
no problem! these boxes are _made_ for undernourished it professionals
it's blockbuster week in new zealand - 'wolverine' tomorrow followed by 'star trek' on thursday!
oh, had like the most amazing weekend, sunshine & partï¿½ï¿½, white wine!! now its back to the rehearsals regime!! nice !!!
[URL] - finito~! hunk ah hunk of burning love! i do believe my camera phone is stuffed. stupid blurryness
hi.wanna see 17 again again with me ;) i'll fly to cali and see it with you
blogtv was fun! can't wait til next time
here at work having lunch. a lot of work and not enough help
mmmm chocky cake in the oven.. smells delicious
well there's you, another twiiter person...erm...difficult to say really...   let's just say that you could fit all into a minibus!
so freaking tired.  it's like my body refuses to move.
epic fail with the chocolate fountain that got clogged
i just wanna be better already
: have fun focus grouping! i have no participants as of yet..
thanks! am trying.. (keeping my chin up, ouch!)
they gave me a regular coke instead of diet. really??
been playing with the new phone.. think i got it all figured out
omg... i want full jb- hey baby song
tinkered with open-source virtualbox &win7 yet? would've loved to have seen you @ hay. always unfortunate timing for students
i think the sun and the moon are god's way of reminding us that he's always watching over us.
watching twilight and eating potato salad.
in bed. a cuppa. tv on... all this while husband is cooking... life is sweet...
also: is there a strategic it plan that maps to the bus strategic needs, that deliver value over time? no more waterfall
_11 thanks. enjoy the movie! i hope all is well with you te.
_am_umlaut oh no!  i'm very sorry to hear
back @ home again .. bathing kids, ironing clothes for hubby .. nephew's graduation tonight! i remember when he was 2!
glad i went out, glad i didn't leave early, and glad to be afterpartying it up @ beth's  i'm back!
is texting
has a headache
on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don't even get to see holly gabbie and hannah
better check youtube
i cant get through
no clubs...no parties...ive spent my friday and saturday night workin on music and am quit content
whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in santa clara. i wish i could sleep but i got to attend to an important meeting
he won't reply
won a gps at post prom
watching one of my fav movies sparkle  + go get food later!
hey, that's my bug! and my martini glasses . . .
for those of us who's hearts break a little more this time of year know that you are loved and next week is a new week.
rlly dead?  descanse em paz... #luto #sad #rip
lol...i think it's safe to say that we are not alone in our thinking!
yo there ,if you guys want to make a road trip look me up in waraw or u wait  too long  taipei
had a great weekend with john-back to work for 3 days then going to illinois on thurs & fri for more gigs with john
'the things, you say, your purple prose just gives you away' what the hell is that even supposed to mean? casino: where music goes to die
dreamwidth, a new journaling site that just went into open beta.
florida should be nice.
i'm so getting the cold
bec vs fat food   --- winner = fat food  but not this weeknend, ill beat it!
i'm sad twits!  i'm going to miss  musiq soulchild and anthony hamilton! ugggghhhh i love them!
at school. blagh. yay i'm getting the iphone in august!!
who's the one always working now?  oh yeah, still me.
oh.... great.  i think i'm getting sick.
awe i am sorry, probably true.
i have no idea whether or not to drink anymore...
are you sure you want to know?  it's [URL] - it makes me want to run. in other news: happy star wars day!
jus got done swimming! soon ima need to stay outta the sun
today celebrating two new people becoming australian citizens. i am hoping for a good dinner.
heeeeey baby ? where are you?
contemplating whether or not i will go to prom as i listen to my 80's playlist. 'somethings tellin me it might be you!' stephen bishop
home alone on a friday night  doesnt get sadder than that folks
is back in fine old melbourne town....
_beez - i'm 20% hetero-challenged, but still didn't care for 'milk'... i thought it was boring.
i treat my hair so badly. it's revenge for it turning grey prematurely
yeah, they're great. i think we'll hear more of them in the years to come
thanks for the advice! went to the doctor's and slept a lot yesterday  must be the meds.
[URL] - before prom. this is when all the chaos began
i'm so mad i cant go to that...you're like an hour away from me.
mozert requiem tonight
misses the good old days!
my birthday is a week from today!
well on a normal day i'd already be done with work...unfortunately this is not a normal day. which means i'll be in the office till late.
last night after long drive, slept really well, now time for dino's wasstraat
i wish you guys had gotten it on video
cool. i'm tempted too see it again  i feel sorry for jb though because there were hardly any people
haha ! go martin ! his fixed our ski like a million times ...
noooo my favorite coworker just got a new job, he's doing marc jacobs shows now, not fair! i don't want him 2 go!
my bff rocking hotel california now. no  songs!  done stay the same. what's next? hmmm.. careless whisper!
nice one
yes but they hate it when we do it...silly boys
btw, short notice i know, but we're rsvping no for your party- thanks so much for the invitation, though!  i'm out for 2nite too
i'm sorry but lol! what is this about? waitt... you think your mum would still let you do bday stuff this weekend?
hey you ****!! that's kinda mean dont yu think?!
_houdin blind faith. thats a crack-up
has work this afternoon
how inconsiderate!
if aint bee then it aint me...ya heard me?  {this for u keemie}
i can't take it
what?? can't believe it
nooooo! serena and darrian don't remember each other, and i've been waiting all day to see them confess their love
has got a degree in bs.
, just read an article that buying ip's doesn't necessary mean to get developement teams . does that mean   ?
nite nite my fellow tweeters goin to put ma ipod in n listen to some westlife missin those guys  then headin to sleep early start  7am x
thanks!!! it was a ballroom dancing competition
i concur with ! it's priority on today's to do list  [URL]
ohh shardup! hehe. hes hot lah, gotta admeeet! bleh.
my dad's not feeling well. i want to make him soup. suggestions guys? + get well soon ayah
the dates of the hockey games were confused they're next week
well,only one week left of my holidays,sad sad
karaoke at a small town bar. having a wonderful time!
i care about eurovision! and yes, they have a 50% jury-based vote this year  #eurovision2009
nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast
hey bettiye,  i did see her. stay tuned for videos and blog  hows was obsessed?? i need to get thru exams then imma watch it
_west and by music i meant awesome christian artists.
please don't vote for her out of sympathy!  #bgt
love that birdy nest! though i already got us another kind
missing  lol. plaid bud. haha. **** i can't do the bg right.
about to make **** happen  *pu+ !+ 0n m3*
if y'all say so, i trust you on that one
oh yeah... happy mothers day to every mom out there and to my friend's moms
colleague that 'helped' by creating his unit's site in iweb was not helpful. trash code, 24 css files for a 4 page site, no optimizing.
haha wow there's a song called 'hit me on twitter' lmao. okay g'night
jay leno has one more show left as the host of the tonight show
i fat-fingered the coke machine, so i am drinking a diet pepsi instead of a diet dr. pepper.   i wish the machine used error correction!
def wants to cuddle it out maybe play but has no one to do it with the bc is far away
off to work now apparently sun shining not a valid excuse to stay home
i'm grounded til tomorrow. sorry to anyone i made plans with.  it'll have to be tomorrow. (annoyed) [URL]
watching my fav movie...two can play that game! 'ever notice how men start to act up around spring time?' shante smith
hope my roommates having a good morning without tp and soap!
no, i'm in the us for the weekend not the uk
yeah... i guess my password was also changed... i was not able to login my fb  cahnge my pw again ...ufff
yus! :3 he was really nice
**** being broke on the day guitar hero metallica comes out!  boooooooo
has more followers than me. i wanna be as cool as her. follow her so that will never happen.
revamping my recording studio today and adding some nice high end outboard gear...very exited!
_esl  if in doubt, wash separately   normal concern is something fading onto the white.
had to cancel subscriptions today to nzz and economist at office  #costsavings luckily they also have online versions
cleaning out my desk, i've found a betting slip from three months ago, i stuck a tenner on #newcastle getting relegated. in the money
fucken tired as ****  it's sunny.. good day? deffff
its so obvious holly will go thru on the public vote straight away.. sooo obvious.  then aidan and greg for judges but neither should go
not so awesome now, huh? lol
thank a chu?t ï¿½  ch?c v?y quï¿½, hik, ch?c em ph?i ?i h?c 1 khï¿½a ph? c?p ki?n th?c c? khï¿½ g?p =.=
hmmm essense awards would be fun... but also pricy
volunteering at down syndrome indiana on wednesday
i want my katie.
in filipino if u say 'nakuh grabeh!' it's like sayin omg
sometimes i wish i were a man, i could pee were i stand, and scratch my chest, but instead? here lies a breast  hah
thats actually not that fun as you would think... i was hurting for a week after a similar experience.
good morning
feel like death  evil headache and need to pack and drive to parents. bum.
apparently its star wars day today - so may the 4th be with you  [URL]
i thought follow friday was about gaining new friends, not losing them.
what brings you to our fair island today?
startin to get a head ache!!!! uuuggghh!!!
i was going to hidden-file it and you're thinking about youtube? so nott! lol. hey put the phone down and more swimming
wish it wasn't raining
don't leave us
i feel lost...  i keep running (in my head) from staring faces.. haha. basically:headache & eyes hurt
_ann_cole  i thinks thats right lol... please follow me... much appreciated
i love that joan rivers says it's family first.
happy mother's day to all the mom's! love you mom
hoping that this will just heal on it's own because anything i put on it just makes it worse. owww
omg! i dont blame you! hope you didnt hurt him too bad
it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain
one of the estate agents next door just caught me singing along to wham
was actually done by my cousin
my bad. i thought you were talking about today
_lokelani  i have no idea!
britain is ****
i have trouble updating!!!
why did sound input for my computer stop working?  it's not the mic or jack (usb webcam mic doesn't work either) checked input controls.
heheh ....qualifying was pretty exciting tho  ..
i loveeee ny! getting breakfast then gonna go mimis i'm sooo tiredddd! missing him odeeee! love you
i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a giant hole on mill. + regions also closed.
sizzling outside. work inside = double
morning john, yes i do, however i have a diary clash and sadly can't attend!
i'm so sorry.  i don't understand why some people expect everyone to react to these things with the same 'poise' as themselves
need a tickettttt  gah. ya you've got me on there, reason346.. haven't listened to dear elliott for a few weeks...overdue..
no they didn't!
speaking of which, we need to talk soon.
hi jonas brothers  you came to argentina la otra vez
_ i don't see how there could possibly be another choice.
oh chris, so sorry about mr. raccoon. obviously not a female, cuz any female of any species would adore you.   hugs, angel
home for the night to hang out with my mom and study
i'm researching nyc stuff.
my face an my arms. tragic. seriously.
me too  thats why im driving down to cali in july for hin pleasanton.
catching the last bit of later with jools .. last in series .. sob, cry
man! i can't stop being freakin' hungry!
my goodness! i go single and **** goes crazy! haha. **** this. i like being single too much. i do what i want...holla!
i have poop on my shirt and a insanely cracked screen on my iphone. daaaang.
better than nodding off when you're 'in' one  lol
[URL] - widescreen laptop + rotation + comics = awesome.
haha!  yes, there's a lot to be said for nekkid religion
lol... she is fine the way she is  how has your weekend been?
yes! it definitely paid off ... thanks 4 the advice
i miss my puppies...
:kwanghock    it is the hao da za ji pa?? i miss the food there so much??
omg 17 again... i'm so buying that on dvd   yeahness for another good movie  also thanks to my movie buddies :]
had a cracking night last night, don't think i've ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
had the best weekend ever  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
playing man utd.kick off 19:45.champions league 2nd leg.lol
glad to be home i wish i could make  feel better
this is a horrible day.
might buy some ipod apps later, hmmm...
gets to go home. i'm here until 10:30
o dear! he's here! omgogmgo.. u didn't see that i was going to **** u..?
. awesome!  what kind?
fantastic weekend - hairdressers, stylish luncheons & a fabulous girlie night with wine, cheeses & chocolates...and dancing till morning
iam eating pizza, want some??? haha..
- well i greatly appreciate your comment.  that means a lot to me.  i'm working on both of them...work in progress, you know.
hmmm, i thought u were sleeping!! too bad i can't see those videos until tomorrow night.
haha nice to know i'm not alone! working in the bbc and can't see it
[URL] - haha love you two girl
twee tweet...lol
sorry , i chili cheese dogged without you
brittany moved
oh how today sucks....
grad present photos on facebook
lol thanks!
_ky_monkey hope u have an amazing day today monkey! u deserve it!  no cheating on dew & looking at the picture! lol happy bday! <3
hi my name is chelsea and i respect your opinion when it comes to dwts. you were great on there too!
laying in the bed boreddddd looking through old cookbooks for new recipes
sitting on chloes little trike thingo its a girraffe  ill most probobly get yelled at with in the next minute or so! ohhh well
geometry is so **** boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
cant find my red lighter that reminds me of amy
sure i willl ....
hates being sat around alone on a friday night. big sad old loser
good luck!!!  keep rockin!
_uppercut that was such an 'old man' thing to say
itt's the big time saturday night  playing canasta then a movie then...psych homework?  stay shiny and love everybody!!
_om 'if i should paint my fingernails green- oh and it just so happens i do paint them green...'  marvelous
were you born in a barn? would you like some hay? 8-)(8) youtube the mother song
just picked up her blackberry from the middle of the street! both she and it are crushed!
got me a dark red hair dye, going to get some bleach
just booked my tickets for london on thursday, i'm so exicted
that's exactly how i feel.  i hope you start feeling better soon.
i hope i can find a store to take us
everyone get #buckonellen one of the topic things!
ah it doesnt work for me  but i just want to say i love the beach girl, you guys are acee! england loves you (: ****
cant wait to do some of those things
looks like both to me alison.
is making breakfast .
perhaps because it's 3 am minday morning
i'm totally gutted, i ended up with my foot in a cast today so i can't travel to nottingham now to see you guys   ****
just a reminder to hydra clients to check your email for important account updates!
finallyy done !! and done clean'n lay'n down time 4 bed.. goshh its 3 o'clock !! lol nite nite twitta heads
is so sick of myself + my life  i'm never going to be as good i want + need to be. xoxoxo </3
i don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a vp shunt and possible death
it's official- the twilight saga has ended...*sigh*...my life is empty!
not feeling very good at all, why does this have to happen today of all days? not going to friends tonight
oh no! i totally forgot he played today.
good morning! off to the gym i go
ugh i can't breathe right today
yay!!  i was supposed to be there next weekend. but its off now.   but i'ma make it out there...i <3 philly.
i am soo happy! but frustrated at the same time!  :]  :s. ohh noo!!! britney is recording her new video for radar!!!  sooo exxciiteed!!!
you wanna know what's worse... my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all i can think about is bacon
oh how cool!!!, ok so for your head just laydown and put ice on it, that should heep the swelling down, i feel really bad
chris sab and i = comme estas ****
after many attempts, i can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. tells me pic is too big. frustrated trying.......sorry
yeah, i much prefer tweetdeck but if you must have multiple accounts
i just dyededed my hair
i'm stuck with boo!!!! jeeeez shoot me now
i use newsfire. works like a charm
i just had to look up endometriosis. oy!
'i'm giving up on you. i don't care how you mess up your life now.'... :'(
shareeee.
needs a yummy breakfast after her shift
happy mothers day to all the grown n happy & the lil prego smuts lol just playing everyone is loved.. happy mothers day & god bless
loves it when mom and dad come to visit! nothin better
[URL] - love it! u have a great job!!
dad just said that our trip to uk is cancelled, due to da swine flu. ooops! sorry abang.
i want alexis bledel back on screen every thursday night
how did i give birth to a screamer?? i hate screaming children!! i guess i hate screaming children besides my own, now.
what on earth happened to wentworth's page?!? i'm devastated, as i'm sure all of his fans are!
#3wordsaftersex  ow, rug burns
places to find you if you're not home- marilyn and seria beach
i just got a wiff of pazik fart!
not feeling too good at all, about to head to work from 12-5.  not a bad shift, just not fun when you don't feel well! hope it goes fast
hahaha! is he snoring, too?
: wait till the vacation ends! u shud be cycling a lot then!
time to do house chores! ugh!
come home, then. not so boring here.
no your not  they are very cute, how you going being a daddy?
1 john is an amazing book. just what i needed to brighten my mood.
i can't sleep...i keep thinking about the puppy i played with today
nvm i just got ur message that ur sick
is happy mothers day.   taking mum out for dinner to one of my favourite restaurants down glenelg now
notthebest weekend....but oh well....i have a right to be sad
sitting at home...need to be pricing the garage sale items...but i have no help so its boring by myself
thanks. end up going to makino chaya
i love you <3  host me lmao
apparently!  haven't tried the site tho. maybe will get better results.
noooo!   all summer?! i won't see your charming little face all summer?!
you know what?  that cowboy hat in your pic made me smile today (you don't see many of those in japan)
i'm super hungry! waiting for my biotch to feed me.
seeing 'love at the club' actually made me
wait - no wind in hair - that would be i-l-l-e-g-a-l!!  i would never break the law!! no, never.
you're not the only one surprised that freetds and utf-8 don't 'just work'. but you'll get it right, eventually.
what a wonderful day...i am going to sleep so well tonight
morning sunshine
yes... nice. i missed a lot of fun. **** exams. you are looking good...hair
hopefully i'll get to see htb next week and la really soon!! can't wait!!!
really wants to go see ai tonight.
feels strong contractions but wants to go out.  [URL]
will have to pare down his collection of portraits of  and bangbang
this is how we do itttt
my to do list is bananas, before i leave for europe boooo
well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in pain, but poor stephen has a smushed twitter now!
sweeny todd is deadset one of the best movies of all time
finally managed to catch her boyfriend on skype... sooo happy now
oh, i don't really have much of an opinion on her either way. it's just a night to rip everything.
i got 2 much 2 do 2nite 2b bored. in bath still hav wash, dry, straight hair, get clothes ready etc
i am not doing much  all well!
i tried listenin to music 4 half an hour! tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake!
i know anne and judy
those workmen extending r block can't start this early surely.. its 7:45am and already they're making a racket and woken me up!
_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!!
waiting for danny to text me back,,,  xoxo
had fun 2nite...i was pleasantly surprised
my teratoma has a cavity and is experiencing male-pattern baldness
lucy is hating on my gweg!
oh what's up?
ok, when will this post rny girl learn; rich sugary food is a bad idea! no more golden graham bars out of the vending machine. bleck!
just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs & is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!
quick thoughts. tired. happy. satisfied. entertained. excited. oh... and a bit in love
i'm way to hungry to even think. i can't go to work on an empty stomach like this
unless you mean the 2 hours a week i use for sleeping. yeah, suppose i could use those
im eating sliders at barjohnnys! (theyre pork tho not beef  still on the search...)
_henrie how are you?what are you doing?answer me plz
why am i weird?
arrogant **** on tap in oregon. what!!!!!!
this is not my day
[URL] one sunday night at helsinki. we hadn't drink anything... xd yeah right!
morning im up and ready weeee its a sunday
i was gonna text u and ask what puff meant!!
friends are gone. sushi, movies, laughter. just what i needed. fun!
yeah! but too late hun  lol
woe, it's definitely no fun to travel first class with a bike. you have to fight your way through 7 coaches 'til you reach your seat
i'm seeing quite a few proto-furries here, now that i think of it.  #acen
boring? what?! ugh!!!  come back to of then!
haha i like that. you're actually saying thanks to the bots! never looked at it like that.
that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the jvm. too bad!
their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. this is why no savings is bad
off for a run. moon-day is not that bad after all...  #fb
very much so  you know i am coming now on thursday too right, are there door sales ??
yep, exactly   and i'm really sad about this tour...i know i'm gonna cry at my last m&g....
there's only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge...thank god. im addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin.
_lawrence did you forget something this morning? you nearly ran me over at the bottom of the hill!  its very very warm in the shop! x
hey #rda2009cla presentation was too large to post!  sorry   (from rules to entities: cataloguing with rda live > [URL]
safer to say that your cube is now a sphere ... but roll with it buddy ... it is an awesome time ... esp the 1st one
_rankin and until soy beans have teets, soy 'milk' *is not milk*.
so disapointed,good evans,  they sound really bad, so out of tune  #britainsgottalent
on my way to driver's training
i'm having a baby girl! (in the next 17 days!) i think i'm gonna keep this handy  [URL] funny stuff!
kellie: its a major problem okay. alex: what is? kellie: hahahahahahahaa your face
i left my ipod in the car so now its all warm.
workin.
season 1 of lie to me was serious. ****, now here comes the wait.
i know   guess i was hoping they'd revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
this is funny, we just discussed bela lugosi  over dinner, his apearance in plan b from outer space 'best' movie ever
mmmmmm mcdonalds coffee is soooooo good.....maybe going to hookah tonight with the abbster
i slept through my alarms  woke up at 6 instead of 4  i feel like a complete tool
- great site.  the photos on it are fantastic.  will be very useful for my visit to pembroke (inc skomer) in june
my hubby's a vet, so we 'get' that animals are like children!! all the best! hope ur biz is going well
next time
_aka_rowan he could be talking to me  (he's probably not though ;) )
the 'holy cow' is what did this to me.
you lucky girl! i also wanna see them (again lol) i wish they'd come to europe again, but i doubt that
right now on my justin.tv channel: 10 weeks until my gf has a newborn  www.justin.tv/kubbur?20
poor grace!!! you need to date a cute male nurse.
happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and i can't wait for next weekend either!!!  so grateful for all my blessings!
wave would trend higher that bing
: what, you're not really an alcoholic? i am v. disappointed! d: seriously, though, i got that you were kidding.
watching because i said so! happy mothers day!
1st day of work today was a bit tiring but ok lol now onto college work
wow, you mom has a lot of energy. i'm getting tired just reading your tweet and ur living it.
argggggg car crash tv its just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  #bgt
good point!! mine is on its way. how did he get delivered?  i will post pics too wen i get him
trader joe's 'sushi' is a fail.
their coming tomorrow morning and it's sort of an impossible task. i just need to clear some space. thanks though
that's one of the reasons we thought 'should we have a kid?'  'nah - let's get a piano instead.'    you poor buggers
i know! ahh!  so fun!
why i gotta be all that?... i sad now
_ottawa have fun!
it's because finished the recordings?
g'night twitterverse! thanks for keeping me entertained!!
make a prank call for me
really rather drunk  drunk thoughts - how am i getting to work tomorrow?! is loz alive?! does gandhi read comic books?! we will never know
my sympathies - been here 20 minutes and had enough - will escape soon
howz it going hun??
i'm sitting around wanting to do something  any ideas?
yes! fb, ah i miss you
and she was all like 'dude. i care about you.' and it made me smile  yea that teaches me not to drive on e, lol
_aguirre now i wish i was going
so, what are you all doing? i'm eating crackers! yummy. the unsalted ones of course. i only do salt in my caviar.
i believe that is true, fml is quite the phenomenon...all thx to superbad
haven't used twitter in awhile. bgt!! drawing!! summer!! finals
omg. i got a explosion of new followers, hello new followers
been i while since i've been on.... bogged under with exams!  eugh. at least theres only 2 left!! britains got talent!!
i am talkin on da phone and typin at da same time
all dressed up and no where to go...
watching 5 children and it.  i really should be studying. i'll start soon :[
more to thank for #ff shouts     and heaps more. sry will be here all night i now realise
ok, i've eaten some food and now bored to death in my room. seriously, there is nothing to do. guitar been taken to the venue!
psych has to be better than neuro!  or at least in a better part of town?  i miss you
it's raining that fine rain!!! u know the fine rain that wets you the most
sorry missed your post earlier about edinburgh.  i am biased towards its awesomeness!  glad you enjoyed your visit
i dont want you to go to india
apparently it's 21 degrees in kilkenny now! and some comedy would be a great remedy to my boredom! why the hell did i leave kilkenny!?
lol...oh, man, can i un-twit something? haha! i mean my lean mean fighting machine. i sooo can't believe you called me out!
i wlda seen it wit you! dummyhead.
ok so any ideas of what to do tomorrow to make it fun? cause i dont know what to do
i'm going to obu for the night.
i have an awesome picture of happy pint, but it's not sending
when are u gonna host saturday night live!! i've been waiting for like 2 yearsssssss!!
no it doesn't...sheesh
_dinasadik forensic mein kya hai! bas rat te jaao  and micro?havin a micro exam soon,the lab diagnosis of all d individual bacteria!
_michele but sometimes not having to say nice things all the time is kinda fun  *teehee*and now i'll put this back on as well *halo*
i'll save you
: just got home from drews bday.
cheers john, thanks for following me. look forward to your twitterings too. think this'll be a good place for my rants  ****
i'm so proud of my nau graduate friend!!! we're getting ready to celebrate  tonight!!! it'll be an international ordeal~
i am currently doing a few posts on my business blog [URL]  check it out if you like it
you need to follow me so i could send you a direct message.
what was said?
brazil looooooooves you, i miss you  24th may, the perfect day off
_it_good den fell asleep on me!!!
i tell him today! :s it's his last day
_roe oh well.  i've never seen him do anything before so i'm not gonna say anything.
chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. well funny!
getting all annoyed cos this weekend's going to be hot. i'm bloody working
yeah ill make sure i keep you updated.. i get it all delivered
[URL] - and brazil??? we love you too!!
_rockett i know! and he laughed at the stupid 'women's right's' joke. wth! glad we have the same humor!
cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working!
i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret
ouch! my earphones just shocked me
well the one thing where you lay on the floor i couldn't do all of them....i'm very out of shape
haha, its under 18 :@ so ive got no one to go with  curse none of my friends liking tai lol
poor baby girl chloe is freaking out because of all of the noise!  she so cute and pitiful hiding under the middle of the table!
yeah the spammers are discriminating: none of the females  are part of the target group apparently
would you believe that i'm done with homework for the rest of my life?
there's just something about a sexy blonde **** rubbing herself in a field  [URL]
i love it. tell me it didn't match my shirt perfectly. can you just not move please? what am i supposed to do without you?
it is a sad commentary is it not?
i know exactly what you are saying.. its so not cool... that is why tapes were better  :p
i miss you too
law and order! yeah, i stay home on sat nite!
seesmic desktop seems pretty good. nice find
what an incredibly great day.  hahaha!
awww thank you
i did dat 1 time & my boss text me saying, 'tweet me n my office after dis tweeting is ova!' i havent dun it since.
roughnight
morning!  well excited dancing down the park todayyy! should be good!  wooo c'mon venue!  ****
i love it when justin timberlake hosts snl; hilarious
if i can buy sleep for you, i will... that's what you need!
rainy day is rainy.
today 'sonny with a chance' came to brazil, i loved it!! you're amazing <33 please reply
i don't know how you do it
do i discern a request for hulu support? excellent idea!
finally feels like a nice summer day, and i'm feeling sick
happy #juddday everyone!
listening to yultron!!
: no i'm not going.
yeah, but mr. mom's i would say, appreciate their wives much more than the avg dad   i have a new found respect for mothers now
chapter 27... probably on monday. i still need more comments.
actually i think the na release date was confirmed for september so it's a bit more of a wait.
is you cat clean again?  hope so ;) ****
i tried calling work 5 times and they wont answer
when someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??, but what can you do??, i'm tired, exhausted and dissapointed
java concurrency in practice is probably the best java book i've ever bought. there's a recipe in there for interrupting blocking io ops
wants somebody to cheer her up
has had a wonderful day with some gorgeous girls, followed by dinner and drinks with the swedes
7846 - almost catching  up, so gonna kick her ****, and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon
aww thanks! i am indeed graduating on friday. just 4 finals stand between me and freedom...or teach for america and law school
i empathise luvvie, i dont personally understand a grown mans need to dress in tartan in search for a little white ball
just woke from the longest sleep in months-so nice! now to get some work done so i'm prepped for next wk & free for k coming home tonight
it was buckfast. brain just went blank
going to see angels and demons tonight. it better not scare me!!
it will give me lulz from time to time.
nah will didn't tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting **** up
i keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  not good!  not good!    t-minus 15 minutes till release........
@_idance19 well yes lol ..  i had a chat with them earlier , there just not willing to learn anything else
_carter the video is 'private i cant see it
wow slept in with no dolidh here to wake me up
i met him! hes from where i live !!! he goes clubbing the same places lol! i dont get twittter
major iphone problems  wont let me send texts but i can do everything else! can anyone help
my music collection will be coming up to 250gb soon.  haha
me too.  it depresses me thinking about it.
yeah, yeah. less #degenerate than current occupants of u.s. house of reprehensibles. you can bet on that. like minethatbird.
is sitting in the marshall center w/mina. some1 must really not want me to go to the gym..this time i lost my wallet n w/no id i cant go
thanks for the feedback everyone
u so funny but u right! i like bsb but im not as fan than u i love much better tupac & tlc..2 bad they're not singing anymore
{{{hugs}}} okay, just making sure!
can't seem to find the new mountain dew throwback in 12 packs....only in 1 liter bottles
damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me
decided that wolf in a future star trek logo game would be much cooler than chewy in star wars
female and male 3 year old labs looking for new home  family is loosing their home. both must stay together. contact me if interested.
takin short nap, gym and work before kids come back home tonite
happy mother's day to all moms and pseudo stepmoms
same! and big moths and wasps and just insects in general haha i hate them
that's great!
sunniest day in ages and im in bed
**** how you not gonna follow me son?
don't know what to do right now...pretty bored, but i refuse to study. any suggestions?
me too... it goes to my phone so all night long sometimes my phone is blowing up... so nice to wake up to!
pretty sure my kitties missed me...one is laying on me and the other 2 are on each side of me. they are so cute though.
boss just texted me, i have the day off! yes< yes and yes again!
oh no! dead muffins ... how sad
that's true. unfortunately, the leads in the movies don't die on such a high note. it's more the friday the 13th model
_manford awww thats such a lovely thing for u to say to me  are u doing any in manchester? x
the jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. and i forgot my bose.
i havent been out west since 07...i think i picked a bad wknd b/c its overcast out here tho
1st day of master cleanse...wish me luck
australian hardcore/metalcore scene is amazing right now. look up third strike and chelsea smile. and bmth in 7 days
i'm stuck in a try-to-merge-two-tools css hell, so no help from frameworks  unless both tools had already used the same framework
i think it's because i'm always offtopic and sometimes inappropriate (germination and 'fruit picking' jokes, etc)
eating truffles  yum!
will do! i may just have to keep it on my shelf with the rest of my old cameras
i cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  for tears of happiness watch this [URL]
hates not being able to see his monitor. i have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me
is excited to see samantha&denise again  [URL]
my sunburn itches  ouch
i be ok, you?
[URL] you guys look so nice
alright, i think it's time for bed...even though i'll probably surf the net for another hour before i go to sleep lol! goodnight
while you awake ?
ooc: thanks! ugh...what a bad, bad day i've had. **** .
watching chelsea lately!  loveeeee her <3
till then ..ice cream!
- i only get bubble tea during the cambodian new year - only once a year  & when i do, i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
_mills  better than a spider or some type if australian wildlife one would imagine
welcome home babe!
oh and i forgot my cell at home  thankgod for this crackberry
yard house too packed. three people deep at bar.... went to pf changs....got right in
i need a blankie  this trains an icebox
i wish i had left 4 dead. but first i'd need something to play it on...
that's cause ovie is the one man team and when they show pens highlights, it's the whole because we have more than 1 superstar
awww ) where'd you get that? hugh is so thin. no traces of being wolverine yet. btw, who's that other guy besides rdj?
?. pick up that, as fast you can!
trivia? working, no computer!
_bmac i knooow, i want to sail
i need to go to atl, mainly just to go to ikea.  the stuff i want isn't available online.
off to bed!! still exhausted from vegas
they used to have a book expo in canada (toronto) but the cancelled it this year  #beatwittyparty #beatwittyparty
i have a whole day planned for my mom today that i know she will love!
_thrifty ebay 10 mile rule not working for me.  too many pairs of leather trousers being sold in aberdeen. will try next week.
trying to figure out this thing...it's not going well
i got ur back @ baby!! much love to ya!
living down @ alki without off-street parking blows. 3:30p & there is no parking. wkds are the worst, feel like a hostage.
possible case of h1n1 at ft. knox (ky) [URL] note: this is for info purposes only, so there's still no need to panic
i have to start eating healthy
_sandman_ _wounds   i miss you guys so much  ****
i want more followers.
oh and cali plans are a go! i might get to see da too and she's my hero and rocks my socks
he he! i will send it thru anurag
finally i have finished my tec recipe card and i feel somewhat accomplished
looks like you did the full lincoln marathon yesterday? that is awesome, the hm was tough for me
_aloud  and that hindi flick '99' that came out a couple of weeks ago that never made it to the uk
wow!  nice roar, i see good things in your future
yesterday i didn't do much because i was just lazy, but today i don't feel so good.
they certainly warmed mine
[URL] - i really love this picture!
i was at the outlets too
last night was awesome! thanks for all the hard work you put into it! off to get some coffee now...
stomach ache!!! ahhhhhh
life is so good. and it will much greater on thursday at 5pm!
could be.
god you guys...i'll call you guys...three way. to discuss.
i'ma need you to follow me real quick cause i can't dm you
well us brits have to wait a few more days for it!  i thought it was all gonna realized at once! i guess it's worth the wait!
@_refugee_ /me gets 'your video will start in 15 seconds', exiting to watch ... for minutes  #flash #linux #fail
yahoo ! great! always nice to hear successful stories!
little brothers being funny  congrats on the engagement [URL]
i do now lol.
'mamma who bore me' hat es mir echt angetan.  90210 lï¿½sst grï¿½ï¿½en. ^^
omfg  whyyyyyy not that sucks!!! and r18?? wtf...  t.a.i. getcho' asses down here
aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 sa this commin weekend.
shoot, rob i missed it. just got home.
[URL] - very interesting head gear. lol.
im going to miss khyy so much
i wanna go home, but i can't cause the customers won't leave... and my boss won't let me leave either
i would do a #followfriday, but everyone on my list is already on everyone elses list so what's the point?  i'm just not popular enough.
arrg - i've been trying to upload my picture...darn thing won't let me
tweettttt.
ummm. no it didnt work so i guess im stuck with this uglyonee
look at how far away i've gone... locked away in a room trying to work in silence and yet... constant 'urgent' emails and im's persist
_crazyangel gah   but gregg should have got the hot and talented vote, dammit!
_2008 thanks  there's a men's version in june. it's very popular.
sorrry  i'm ready to leave.
right my fellow fluffy flasher! i must go to bed, sorry  i hope everything is working properly 2moro and we can chat! love u x
absolutely! just have a good backup for romo for december.
were gonna go crazy before you leave
after 4 years of trying, my cat today figured out how to open the under-the-sink cupboard.  time for a target run to buy safety locks
hey  how are you?  x
_cullen26 yes, yes it is.
yeah they are! so stop making fun of me! i gotta get new ones
it would be amazing if we could meet us in germany! i have been to germany twice.
good morning tweeple of the sun! what you all up to?
home from gallery opening in woodstock, ny. frined had work on display.  much great, cool and interesting art to be seen.
i have to pee (**** coffee)  sooo long until break time. 77 more letters...what to write, what to write..oh, used them all up.
should be going nfg tonight
im so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore
!  i called and called. i think you should answer more. haha
_bbcrew dude im sleepy and went to bed as soon as i got home.  whhaacck.
lol nah no swine flu for me bro. lmao what's ur schedule like this week, i need to catch up!
*pokes and runs away* ... i want sugar !
looks like the #gm bankruptcy is going to happen. this loss will help offset the gains that i had earlier in the year tax wise. oh well
oh! don't you just love these vodafone series of ads ... the best picturisation ever
listening to the simply awesome ratatat on a bank holiday monday before a bbq later  [URL]
hell, my itunes music library is even bipolar!
is having a profitable day!  looking forward to sunday...gonna be a great day -- sad, too, because it's the 5th graders last day!
had drums, but they where made up of other peoples sets, so, had to give them all back
yupp t's better than people being rude to her  x
my first thought too, i've never even watched dragonball
dude, i can safely say i was blown away when i heard attics. i'll make sure i pass it on as much as i can!
sooo, i saw robs car drive by. but that was about it
_galore aaaw too bad .. i'm in a good mood to phone with someone  lol
heylo johnn (: im a huge fan. hope ur day is awesomee. cuzz im home sick and its kinda less than awesome.. anyways.. peace
starting to get annoyed with socialscope. need an update
haha. your a loser.  ily
i'm making a logo on photoshop & it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah..
cooking brown rice  [URL]
'before you wake' - we sink ships photography exhibition is online [URL] please have a look
had 2 leave the mrs  cuz i have to go 2 work  really didn't want to.
argh. interested. time maybe can't go. maybe.
as any1 been up all night like me and now the birds are keeping you awake
_kay morning! hows your day. hope you're not another lying in the sun
goodmorning to you!thank you so much for being so kind? the sun is out and i'm going to paint outside
[URL] - you both have so beatiful eyes  i wanna have them
making an imovie of college
please make the livechat on saturday cus i have to go to school on weekdays(5/6 am here)
just woke up
how can i read the floyd article says it's private
yesterday was fun.. 1st concert of the year [i know, i'm late xd].. buena vista social club live for free..
i think it's fun, you gotta hide, and defend from your enemy, fun huh?
oh yes, happy star wars day.   may the fourth be with you...
i'd have read it but i'm not sure you would have wanted my opinion
morning...tired should i excercise or jus relax need to catch up on sleep..ladies would you like to see shemar moore @ embassy? hit me up
i'm so glad my concert is still a week away...i'm getting so sick and i need the time to recover!! my lungs hurt so bad right now
tryin to upload a new pic but this **** says its too big
will be flying to ontario in 4 hours!will probably stay awake.i will be there for a 8 days...camping 4 the first time yay!i am sleepy now
6789998212 haha love soulja boys new song
supposed to be great weather today & 2moro; just my luck im stuck in work 1-10 both days!
<--has no internet for the weekend
[URL] - whens your little gingg getting twitter ? from g + j
i'm going to open up proverbs and get as much wisdom as possible-i'm hungry!
my sleeping beauties  i love my grads!! [URL]
wow is a good idea... but the b-day was yesterday and i already took him a present! thank you anyway!!!
thanks.  thing is so much of it is more design-art, which i hardly ever get a go at, therefore never get much better..
**** wasting deodorant... i aint goin no where... i aint havin company  let me funk it to ya!
if someone in the family died you would of heard about it. duhhhhhh. . .
so where r u spinning now that the hookah is r.i.p.?
3am i still cant sleep
crappy music on the radio
dude i have 2 more hours  and i'm all done with my work
yo u can't love 1 twin and not the other lol
and why can't toy story come out this june
my breath is weezy.  no more going to knotts when you've been sick all week.
just discovered your 'band from tv'... you guys are really good! love the music
i miss you  !!!! ??
i dont evn talk 2 him no more. it was a huge mistake. i shoulda listened 2 her. i kno she's disappointed in me.
waaah! masseuse is fully booked. no shoulder rub today.
venti black ice tea with 8 pumps of classic
lol yep  tell rhonda i said happy mother's day!
i tried to translate your tweet using google translation service, but it just spat it out back out at me
happy mothers day to all the wonderful moms out there. moms are what makes the world stay balanced. have a great mothers day
i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long...
what about midge? she definitely has to be in on that tie for first. she's completely dumb  and yeah, punk'd indeed
down again   seems like it never gonna stop and i'll never get what i want
wonderful weekend  i love my family  & friends because they are awesome. happy mothers day to all the mommies <3
britains got talent just gets better every week
it was great to meet ya katie...awesome shows for sure!! safe travels home.
out with the guys playing 10 pin & doing mexican! great combo! my bowling was not so good though  i blame it on my previous broken arm!!
its because i put radio 4 on by mistake..i'll have a cup of tea and a shower, then i'm sure all will fine and dandy, thanks
it's beautiful outside. the sun is shining, the birds are singing and i? i'm studying  wish it were already vacation.
aww holly steel ... dont cry
oh, i am sorry my friend. katie & i will do our best to keep you cheery
he already got a shot at having his own show and didn't prove himself
thankyooooou
sorry but i'm not impressed in the slightest b/c u don't eat ****..more like saddened and confused
i miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle && my fishes
in park slope brooklyn working the bust photoshoot. this is so exciting! &no more fever! but my tonsils are the size of golfballs
mymaths time....if only i cud read the mind of a nerd durin the exam
ur friend  sent me
the last song all american rejects.......... an amazing song
good god, no. you can fit very few swear words into 140 characters
_chip that's right! i totally forgot. might not be till august, though    have a great summer!!
???ï¿½ï¿½  ???ce d grade?mock?????, ???????
other people have their glasgow ones, standing and seats, for all nights.
kimberlee hatch!!!!!!! i miss you
small? we cant choose?
anymore
wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party.
[stapler haiku] whar a night! woo hoo! yeah! / a beautiful night to party! / oops, i'm a stapler...
finally home for once after a dope **** week
off to see the doc in a bit to get the knee checked out
lol..well..no. i've had insomnia since i was 23 :-/ & since then dont sleep a lot of hours, but the ones i do are great!
same. its just not happening, and im going out too!. uh-oh.
going camping in a coupla hours. gotta pack everything... by myself
got in a fist fight with a old biker guy.......and how dare you even ask, yes i kicked his ****
i am mid-detox, i won't eat any
working weekend it looks like
good day to all of you!! another lindy day today! level a, b, free tester at 20:00 (olympiou diamanti 25, 6th floor, thessaloniki) !!
time to play
_ yeah, just knew him because of your link  he's completely amazing and he sings phantom!
by newark
is up for lots of revision today and then out toniight
just woke up to a flat tire
yes!! finally friday...which tech means nothing to me since im currently unemployed
awww i missed it  twitpic?
hey hunny bunny, what's a weekend? is that like a day off or something?
diversity diversity diversity todayyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
glad to hear it's good bank holiday weather down there to
ftsk (l) haven't listened to them in a while. so **** pissed off my with so called 'friends', can't wait to leave this **** school
heading out to the park with the kids - hope it does not rain -looking cloudy?
i'm searching, too. we'll compare notes.
sorry if i'm unsociable i'm loading up stock in the shop, mums making me
why do i always wake up one minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off??
*cough* star trek *cough*
_1993 nope not yet  within 10 working days from thursday. it should be in before 2 weeks wednesday. it'll be in before that! i hope
just woke up, and my tummy hurts  there's always something wrong with me :s
i chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said i suppoort single moms! funny
isn't msn in this case a lot easier? hahaha!
- u aint lost me, i'm right here
hope ye got dem; ur site is amazing, i got on everyday; i tryed my own, & it failed  lol,
my laptop broke, who wants to help a girl out and take me to best buy this weekend. please ill feed u.
excited!!! trousers on their way from topshop, should be here in a couple of days
got woken up early again  i kinda wana just chill today but there's so much to do!
on way to the wimbledon with  to watch star trek, imax baby
aw, gutted
ok so this shower has been calling my name for about an hour i think i'll indulge & respond now while i allow robin thicke to serenade me
apple fritters are like the perfect after food...don't you think?
i'm learning to
_radio yeah :s i feel all funny cause i haven't slept enough  i woke my mum up cause i was singing she's not impressed :s you?
babe  ive been aight, urselff?
at work
i told andrew that jt is going to cameo @ mtv movie awards. he said, 'he's pissing me off.' guess they're in a fight
actually, i really do. mostly when i forget to take off my makeup before bed
gud nite all...will catch you all again tomorrow
oh i like this idea
i'm so sleepy now...g'night! happy mother's day to your mother, mama, ma, mommy (whatever you call them. lol) from mie!
who is ....lili homie...lili.... and i am black  75% to be exact lol
goodknight twitterland! happy mother's day to all you blockhead mommas! have a wonderful day!
mom, where ever you are; happy mothers day
is wishing good night everybody
_m didnt get it clear
_berra happy bday stevie bee...and if u want followers u have to get a little more tweety  may babies r the best! i'm the 12th
de wereld need more ppl like you! ;)
another loser: ****. i have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  lost.. [URL] ( ...
[URL] - look who i brought home
it's an app to finally face the truth: you lack time, and never be able to achieve all your goals in life?
- not a heap hey. just bout tu hit the sack. its 1.15am here. i need someone tu cuddle. sucks  wbu.? x
**** straight you know what the game is, and if you've heard the tracks you'll know why i've been rocking out
piyaaa! hi. :] im hyper & im bored & im online & im going to find pictures for the noteboook.  still cant send messages. grr.
_gant popularity contest and they think twitter will help.... and it's become trendy
people eight years my junior can't understand most of my references
whoops...  not  in my last tweet
in my opinion one gray hair is one too many... i have way too many as well
graandma's houseee  i havee too leave now! <3
looking forward to the new week with the presentation of my book in a store in dillingen today and some interesting sales seminars
so star trek pretty much rocked my life ... oh wait, it did rock my life
tell me about it! what is obvious in real life makes for great entertainment on tv  it is great to try and figure out the killer
my phone is ultra fast now with all the latest firmware updates installed!
i think that normally we are drawn to people familiar or similar to us. the cougar thing is for some quick fun.
[URL] - yes, it is nice. oh and kevin's shirtless too but you don't see it as well
that'll do it too
is in the costume shop cleaning and starving. bring me food???
it is, and its shiny and if i could marry it i would.   ps. im good, you?
um, why arent episodes 1-14 of lost season 5 on abc?!  good thing im going to vegas in the am to keep me distracted from this tragedy.
lololol i love kenan and kel its rocks soo hard and im watching it now..right now.
oh my god. i can't do the end of the dance  *sob*
i should be asleep  trying to be...
watching 48 hours
wants see my friends  ;-) [URL]
is excited for tonight's party of ron  [URL]
getting back from smackdown/ecw show
the apartment is starting to feel like mine.
june gloom is upon us.
ben i love yahh babe <333! i miss you hope to see u tomorrow  mommy i love  you tomorrow happy mothers day! happy mother day to all moms!
im determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me
dont undrstand malaysian busays.just english,tagalog at waray only
you're welcome!  math is really *not* my favorite thing but it's also so useful, so...
f1 & star trek...what a great sunday
apparently today is happy star wars day.  i'm suppose to say may the 4th be with you.
sorry if i'm confusing anyone. i keep forgetting to . the desktop twitterific  is not so terrific  very different from iphone app.
i am in the 'real world' which apparently involves a lot less twitter....  sorry!
awesome beer pong party at my house in the yard tonight  going in when the sun is rising is officially b.a.
is back to revision. bye bye hannah  <3
what makes me happy? my daughter, my family & their support, money, shopping, & restaurants
everything is going wrong in my ' happy day'
doing uni work all weekend. fun times
you can't even gift money away these days.  re: [URL]
just when i thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me
i saw the new cities last tuesday, amazing show! and won tickets for tomorrow's show, but might not be able to make it
sorry bout 2day  bloody typical,goin 4 a laydown now feel sick again,ooo this not nice x
trying to figure out how to use this twitter thing  hahhh
well i guess they think of everything   thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop
everybody is leaving work early except me
3,144 words later, it's bedtime
thanks todd. enjoyed reading your blog too - i had a little cheer for good old alfred wallace. curious to read your book
good morning, it's beautiful here today. shame i'm going to spend most of the day being an unpaid taxi driver.
ill have a photo up tomorrow! kay
bugger, that would have been nice but typically, we're heading to bristol
it's all over now...now i have to go talk to people in melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. all those unfun places
wathing dollhouse on hulu, eating the special from el taquito and a beer. b-day week is going well
omg. i am so sorry. sorry, i never know what to say
- i used to have nkotb sleeping bag too!!  i don't know where it is now
thanks!! yes!! a lot!
you can be cinderelliiee
it's time for school, y'all !1!! happy starwars day
tomorrow is mothers day. so good food & presents for mom. good to be back & go to the junction with the coolest people at ollies
go to the setting on the ipod/iphone home screen & scroll to the bottom & you will find twitterfon settings
aw what about me
i'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus **** christ you stay away.
havin a bad weed first wisdom teeth then ran out of weed now i might be getting sick . . . if only i had more weed
... i think i'm gonna fail aswel!
sorry 2 hear albert isnt well? dont know whole story, so i'll keep ya'll both in my prayers. (((hugs))) 2 u both!
asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? dad's camera died right at that moment.
haha i just watch a funny **** video on youtube  made my day
_steve yes....but now i'm not going to be paid to be in the pub
omgosh i just saw hattie wake up! must be summer when your garden hedgehog comes out of hibernation
looks like your having fun
,  in pre-twitter days, i'd need   to wait  for a formal  invitation  to speak on edu2.0  from   #y4it
opps try that again the keyboard is all back to front  mac to pc and back madness really chef
summer is really ending. it's raining.
my keys were cracking and ****. i kind of miss my old phone already.
recovering from my crazy family. i love them, but they ain't got it all   i only see em a couple of times a year, so i guess i can deal.
in bed now  tonight has been really really funny, best family ever !
listening to some house music!(what else?) i got a gig in san francisco next friday. be there  details on my www.myspace.com/djspy
when i cheered,i yelled shake these at the end of a chant and did the suck it 'x' and got suspended & had to give a public apology,lol
tired even though i didn't do much today. glad we got to catch the second half of the cavs game
going to work at one sucks, i miss happy hour at sonic
that gets around the problem i had of doing it all myself  good idea.
now i know why it didn't work, just not too keen on paying though for a 2ndary social network
test discovery just missed being in py3.1
downside though is that you're breaking the thread.
wo coffiees to go pleaz!!
now my ds just died  whatta letdown!
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to be over
congratulations, you two are so well suited   have a lovely day x
oh, no need to stop. i could use the ego boost.
nice lunch... even better when mom pays...
just chillin' in pjs after a short, but long week - why is someone continually knocking at my door?
btw, thanks for the gifts.  i'm wearing my shirt, having a dunker and apple loved that chicken soup; just what she needed!
i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?
coming to the end of my vacation.
i will. tell him i said happy birthday tomorrow too. is you talking about raymond?
at envy! loving it  best club ever.
where and when is your next show? or upcoming ones? i really want to see you guys
i want noms
_reality ****, you're gonna feel that tomorrow, or tonight. coffee = laxative.  how's the writing coming?
everyone going to the hometown show is excited they get to go on thames street. i'm gonna see the original thames river, ****. ohhhh.
what happened to my real-time feed? now friend feed is just like the twitter website
_e  it's an honour being your friend!!!! [URL]
it wasn't that good tonight  i know dcd though .... i won't say what happened!
wants to go sit in a park but should really be painting the bathroom
my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow.
finally gave twitter a try, will find out why is it sooo popular ... hope i wont be too hooked
thanks for the concern, guys. a few stitches later, all is well. whew.
rblpnqte : 'sheesh i am sending one up to you .  i think you could use it  lol' rb delux... ? [URL]
morning workout sesh.  love life.
that's really ultra sweet
_ftw awh i'm sorry  i'm probably going to do the same thing haha.
may the 4th be with you
yum. do you do home delivery
preston stayed home and i don't know why
'her's before mine' hon. it's one of few rules i do not break, under any circumstances.
house season 5 - good stuff  time with gf, priceless.
awesome! what a blessing
haha i was just talking about that to my colleague. i have 539 dms, only 15 - 20 are actual messages and not spam
you too - hope your day was good!
yes dear....  ... i'm opff bbl8r
_aston welcome to twitter! let me know if you have any questions, would love to help.
thanks, brad!  looking forward to chatting with you too.. btw, like your new pix!
'your true theatre calling? - musical theatre actor'  i wish :'( ****
the dj's and partypeople were great again at cc. kicking  next one june 7
dinner smells good...man i'm hungry. so sunny outside, wish i was at wonderland
going to revise for physics.
happy mother's day to all mothers here!
hmmm i neeeddd foooddd  nd is looking forward 2 playing with the puppy 2 day nd seeing lewishhh
hey gio, you are beautiful! i am brazilian and i love you hahahaha! please answer me  ****
i am with you. -#followfriday is easy enough for those who are annoyed by it.  i recommend relatively few people anyway.
hey man congratulations on the graduation man you'r world wide popular in philippines
you are very, very good. why didn't i think of that?
[URL] - this is making me sad
not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. a lot. ****.
going to bed  how's ever reading this
never.  smh, i don't own flats  lol
working   but it's fridaaaayyyyy
all this talk of buttershots has me wanting some!  maybe i'll have a small bit over ice, i haven't had any since faire.
what is love!? baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more. i want to watch 'night at the ruxbury' right now!!!!
got back from helping my sis with stuff for my niece's 1st birthday. i saw a psp/ds lite car charger in toy kingdom sm for only p250!!
that would be most ideal. however...now i dont see myself leaving before 3  gonna have to take a rain check
i jus planted a garden in my backyard
getting really guilty
_louise so i can just watch that again  x
aww sweetie  you could always take a break and read or write something happier that'll make you feel better
i will try. but i don't care what my mum says
[URL] i just noticed that too
i've just realised - 400 followers! yay!  ****
an iphone app came out a few months back called zemote, bumped my domain zemote.com out of the #1 spot
is sad when people's phones are dead
go get 'em!  lol
i'm thinking you deserve an award. a big shiny one.
the ending is te funniest, you'll see. ;)  you know paranoif is always stuck in my head?? love it.
i want pho... i've never had it before.
my brain has become a converter ed. i've been converting into lm for  the past 2 yrs. every 5 mins of every single day
hahah  okay then thanks for this short explanation ;)
ok, home made pizza tonight, but horrors, i've run out of anchovies
i'm always a little sad to see followers i really like, decide to unfollow me.
2moro is the end of my stay  to bad shes in ny then off 2ft laud 4a weddin florida is fun but i miss home and spike(car) lol
back in spain
_ryan just...it's quiet a bit of it tbh xd
hopefully im getting my new windows tomorrow. still using my mums lap... birthday tomorrow eve and facebook doesnt work somehow.
[URL] - my glass is empty. will someone be a dear and fetch me another?
1 am & time for bed, nite all
about to start work and missing him like crazy.i wont be seeing him till tuesday
we should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
hi, what are you a consultant for?
looks class the water splash looks so real  looking forward to my review copy ;)
sitting in boring **** litterature listening to jack johnson  missing the gf soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
[URL] - wow, thats so cool!
where are ya headin to for your family vaca? i hope the paparazzi leave you alone
xd  hello that's an important date!
_m  yeeee  so wassup?
tired from work. i hate closing, eek. but all smiles today. aloha kitchen, yum.
aw it was so sad  shes too cute!
**** i always miss it
happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you!  [URL]
justin's blanket shed black lint all over my white skirt.
is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  whats the plan for saturday?
thanks daxx you too!  god bless you brother!
it's because you're popular
on a day like today. i am thankful for my mom's teaching (proverbs 6:20-23) and thankful that she's on twitter too! love you
_03 he'll know tupac lyrics too!
hello and thank you for all of the #followfridays people. i always forget, sorry
absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have **** loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday
more sunburn
translation = complicated sh-t that someone is going to have to teach me
ok david, talk later  have a great dayyyy ay ay ay ay
i have no doubt, darlin'!  just wish you could find a boy worthy is all!  you're good people!
can't stop smiling  i'm in the best mood right now!!!!!
first day for research at edmonton general
or maybe start your own arabic teaching podcast?
loving that spring definitely seems to be here now
may the 4th be with you  i couldn't resist!!
cake is sold out at terminal 5
everybody needs some time on thier own  guns n roses x ? [URL]
mine too! hayley is great
i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol
they tried to take me 2 jail sissy  apparently i have a warrant in agg town (yeah shocked the hell outta me 2)lmao yeah right
lol. she's offering me a case of guiness!  can you one up her? if you buy me two i'll stay. let's start the bidding wars
sitting here twittering~~up at 3 am yuk! i want some messages!  blue monday!!
i'm so dizzy already and i'm only on the third page of chapter 73  *plops head*
i've been losing myself into too many taiwanese dramas.... ????, ??????, ????... this is not good. xd but wu chun! eeeeeee.
music soothes the soul...
evaluating my people...dont like this part of the job
: you must rest, don't work hard  how abt cr-chan ?
still babysitting, i want another boost
enjoyed x-men w/   now it's time to rest up for this drive home...happy mother's day twit-moms!!!
so disappointed with human kind   'what's wrong with the world?'  i have five girls in the garden, innocently enjoying the good weather...
what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo
my sister is a douchebag
and i have to wait till january. life is not fair!
lol well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now
yeah she's part lab, part spaniel.. all energy hehe but i love her to death
i couldn't find p4 so i couldn't show brantley my feet  and now its raining
took my computer in for a new dvd drive & screen wouldn't come back on  had to order new computer & wait...
but i have cause i missed a lot of classes
sun - where are you?
crazy debt issue. maybe i had messed up when closing my old account? not really sure but looks like i may have to cover it - aaargh...
off to class .... longggg day
_ oh ok then, i've been there before for a wedding. it was heaps nice there. i'm a big fan of qld
i've seen inkheart- i liked it too
... and itï¿½s ffa *evil grin* but iï¿½m so busy at work today i wonï¿½t get anything done
just shot my new .22 rifle!  the auto-reset plinker target i built in shop class works great!
gossip girl, when are you coming back  ! chaceeeeeee..
eurgh.. revision.. who invented history?
may the 4th be with you    happy star wars day !!!
umm..ok..just don't start cats on fire..  ...promise
huge test at the parents' house. the food is so good, but stuck to one helping, no seconds. feels good.
not making good time, **** chicago traffic  - photo: [URL]
wow, just saw your tweet about the proflowers fiasco. that's so not fun!
i never know whether they include me. just straight white men, right? i wanna be part of the problem too.
sadness  the top horde guild that i liked disbanded.
had a great day
woke up way later than i intended to today  need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
coffee and gym... starting the day off right!!
hey tweeps...good morning. wussup america...talk to me tell wut's on ur mind..
_ferman that's so weak!!  facebook fail
ive got mad cramps in my legs
just came back (well yesterday) from the hannah m. movie, i loved it! i went to the highest part of the cinema to dance! beautiful songs
c'mon, we're talking about philos-ophy - the love of wisdom.   i need a 'mat' - a context to intersubjectively 'ground' it.
10 25 am still waiting on the doc to come and break my water.
addin to that last comment, was spose to be going to see the jonas brothers 3d movie, but guess what i couldnt go aswell cos im sick
ya i can never watch any of them :l
shooould be sleeping already, but got caught up watching some late night 'roseanne'. officially off to bed after the next episode!
bep killed it! oh and leighton meester waved at us!
castlebar doesnt have 3d so im going to galway to see the jb 3d movie but that could be next week or the one after that
...and sykes will lose a few gigs while gaining some better ones. frankly, the best thing the rightards can do is scream about this.
watching the hills  arghh i lovee itt ) makin r liam watch it with me haha... girls aloud in 15 dayss cannot waitt too see cheryl x
of couuuurse fika  i'll pray thes best for you then.
awww! thats sweet ttt!  im sure she will love it! your a good son!
revision continues. getting so bored and tired. i can't wait to get out and do interesting things. only a week and half left though
yeahh! ryland was amazing xd but i didn't get a hug off him booo  suarez seemed a bit off tbh..but i think he'd just woken up
the  3d movie was amazing but a little to short  i wanted more!!
god i'm so sleepy today i can barely focus
i'm pissed, someone took my wallet
no show tonight  no plans. ughhhh.
sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep
hey samantha welcome  and happy mother's day!!
unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) iter fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025
last reply  a scholar in us homeland security said an ontology was created for it 'and everybody hated it[s prescription].'
yeah, if i lived on the rez, i'd already be dead.
ahh ! i just woke up.  forgot to reset my alarm clock.
is that teh part where hes liek feeling the girl. i feel sooo soooory for her
ready with learnin today!!! .. and now its twilight time
who starts a briefing at 7:30 a.m.? people on the east coast, that's who.
thanks bb.
gone have my ears on it when i am at home ..plenty of painting for you as well
please wish your wife evelyn a happy mother's day for me and tell her i hope that she has a wonderful day. spoil her today.
says just passed by to say hi  busy with movie task from school =. = [URL]
wish i'd had the balls, but with my 2 kids with me and not knowing how illogical these ppl can be, didn't want to risk it
oh no one minute too late! oh well
happpy mothers day
but ... but ... who will produce the next starsailor record?
in hysterics at yaas' email <3 am writing a speech for speakers' and doing food technology...**** it's good to be off school on a monday
look like i can only quick post from the dashboard that is all
thanks elaine. i'm clipping reviews for her scrapbook.
k now that, that fiasco is all wrapped and good too go  back to studying for midterms =(
no. i won't be back until the 7th
sooo tired and have a headache-all self inflicted of course! good times though
uhh, congrats for your two years anniversary
but i dont mind the long line when theres a super cutie in front of me. too bad he's wearing a **** bracelet with a girls name on it
glad u feel like cooking i'm so tired
really? i can only go in 1direction at a time?! ugh!  gotta take authority over the time 2day!  say hello! don't be a stranger! beblessed!
didn't make to my cousin's yacht convention. hope he doesn't get upset. and hope he won.
sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. it's far too warm
[URL] - my babe
i luv urs! admitting niley with a kiss (: but then they change their minds  haha & demi/sterling (: not jemi but still cute
taping at cox then picking up starbucks for the office bc i am so nice
i do show some discretion occasionally
oh my goodness!  how awful
just amazes the heck out of me still....this 'internet thing'
i've lost count of the number i've rung today already    were going to wales, but i'm due in court on monday!
is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!
i would direct message you regarding blogging while brown, but a sista hasn't mastered that technique yet  ..lol
it doesn't work with the iphone yet   i love it for the simplicity but i need to be able to sort tasks on my iphone to be useful
byeeeee
dilemma, what to wear: now: sanfran foggy and 58 , then sacramento in cple hrs sun and 86 degr .
spent last night in a&e (er). wife tangled wheels with daughter & hit the deck. dislocation & fracture resulted.
on the train now. i forgot by charger  that means no whoshere for me today till i get home haha!  but i'd still tweet u guys! ****
i've just open this thing
thank you clayton. going to my favorite greek resturant after church for mom's day!!!!  loved you on huckabee
just got back from hangin with the bestie at the pool, soo nice
can't find her favorite nike shorts
i left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore
twitter tends to do that to us
_atticus thank you
aww yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier >.< yeah i'm tired, revising history
made it to wisconsin... now off to golden corral again! dang! lol we missed the graduation! tho  dang!
so i love my mac but msn doesn't work on it still
that's me set up for an exciting sunday lol
cba with exams! 17 left!
is bored. waiting till 7:06 to go out to tha bus
ooh which two books did you buy?
aw, kaelah i feel so bad for you. this sounds serious? please get better soon. i admire you for still working hard and stuff.
to bed i go   nighty night
awesome, i'm glad you like it.  fyi - platinum notes 3.0 should be out as a free upgrade this summer
got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it 'packing'
now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you.
it'll be worth the wait, i'm busting a gut here.
i like them. i mean i like what's left of them.
i'm not a big fan of costa  i ended up going to eat as they have one outside our office!
hates the sound of silence..doesnt like being shut out..
humm.... i adore mark #hoppusday ,so i'm just going to throw it out there #hoppusday....... have a nice #hoppusday people!!
muffins: muffins are delicious, muffins are neat, i have no more muffins to eat.
sounds like you're in for a great day!  enjoy
it was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51.
4 hours of shopping over... good effort. best part = chocolate shop.... yujm!!!... yum even
ok well from the pic i take it you do. thats unlucky . lmao
nice sunny day
missing my husband, but it was nice to wake up in my parents' house. the dogs are ecstatic
haha yay we love you too mr. shane dawson
thanx tom  love u too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! have a great day
sick  right now very thankful for my chicken soup and my bed!
it does.
_perfect i'm trying to self learn photoshop but it's not going so well!
going to bed now...good night tweeters
meeeee! it sounds delicious
now cash u kno i'm not a hater.....jus upset i don't have my update yet
in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
seems like working.. rofl - sadly money is not growing on a tree
ok dear tweeps, goodnight! i need 2 get up early 2 say happy mothers day 2 wife n mom
has applied for osap yet again- god, i'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!!
sleeping on the streets of nyc for a celebrity...nothing new. wish i had a huge blanket though
that was an interesting show to say the least. recap tomorrow. first i must sleep. work in am.
wohoo! going to see eddie izzard in december!
another rainy day
'i hear its wonderful in california.'
curious if they fixed the window handle in our room in the meantime  #edc
so i'm screwed
all good! take a rest
watching scrubs season 2. oh i'm gonna miss that show
baby alex i miss you  ily<3 good night</3
--- has demi ever replied to you? coz i haven't got any...
hmm, no holga for me probably
wow, congrats rosemary
just watched the trailer for the new sam raimi movie, drag me to hell.  looks interesting, but there was no humor in it.
in paris till friday!!
ugh i wish this school year would go faster so i can move on in life
'i wanna go to prom one day   'i wish u can go with me 2 my prom even though im not a guy.but thatwouldmake1of myfriends happy
which do you prefer? hamdemic, aporkalypse or parmageddon?
- you can do yiiiit!  night
i have become my mothers slave.
the arrival of cargo red g5 to toronto has been postponed til tomorrow afternoon.  gonna miss my lil bro's bday...he's been waiting 4 me!
really?? i feel special
call me wierd, but i jus luv rainy days! makes me feel so warm & cozy inside  lol
i cant watch anythgin till tonight
my baby is going to her first sleepover tonight   i'm gonna need a lot of wine to get me through today
trying to fix some weird query
she was sleep and then she woke up to check on me see if i was cold or hot i love my mom
cool! i have one (from a decluttering friend), but i don't know how to play
rainy mondays... is there a better day to work at home?? i am thankful!!
then maybe we should ask him for a raise.
no trips planned yet but i'll let you know if there is
smh @ ppl who only twit u up on fridays b/c u got 100+ followers and they're still banking 15-20  #nofakery
_kimbalicious lol! i was just walking  i think its all the polish i used while cleaning earlier, its made the floor slippery!
reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell.
bored, nothing to do
sounds nice! if you try the recipe you gotta tell me how it turned out!
last day of classes!!
i hope to, no promises  they all my kids and the dog at the moment, a couple of flowers too
i know  but the weather's clearing and suppose to be nice sat and sun
getting ready so i can go out
now accepting maid applications.  would be nice if you'd start first thing tomorrow - would make a wonderful mother's day present!
lol i'll have to look on youtube later  thanks
the dayem computer  #twpp
happy mother's day!!!
having some coronas, and have a bad craving for mexican pastries, but i'd have to go to uptown to get some
good morning to you. hope you have a nice productive day
eating a bagel  yummy
can't sleep, just laying here in the dark
i don't. i hope it takes them a good long while to recover.
last day of college today!
terence cao over-dose  im fainting.
lmao yes its on the 27th  i get so excited lol
have a great weekend mononoke  i may be tweeting from inside the movie theater either monday or tuesday  lol
no, but i will. it just seems such a cruel condition
there's starwars day? ) omg rocio!
doing really well! i will stay here as long as is needed!  so you can definitely come and visit me!! look forward too ...
nothin to do
haha that photo is too funny! i hope he wasn't disturbed by passengers too much during the flight
got moommy somn special for mothers day
i am talking on the phone!!!!!! to paul!!!
@_elj ok nice one, cheers boss.  am liking the lack of fcs today.
ooh but you soon get to meet the dung mice!!
haha. that's awesome. good job
chem final right now. awwh mrs. oli! imma miss you!
oops i meant 19th  snowdaysss..
finally lost fm97
6th street was amazing this weekend!!! the wedding was fantastic.. but im really really tired at work from the long eventful weekend
happy mother's day!!!     gr8 day
watched 'the boy in the striped pj's' the other day too..one of the best films i've ever seen.
gotta buy some onesies for my besties lol ah yea!  at the club having a grand ol time
lan poker is so much fun!!!!  someone help me remember ki compre chal raha hai abhi!!!!
thanks 'mckenzie'
i really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me
am hungry agaaaaaaiiiin maaaam
thanks.mine wasn't too bad. made a card for my mom, had a nice nap, finished some work, wrote bills, i have a surprise for you
i feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero..
you may have to email the tech support ppl. that's odd.
hey, where do you go last night?  was expecting to see you @ on broadway.
good morning people !! in good old germany is it soooo cold
yeah i did  i remember it na....... i did watch it before )
it wont work in the uk
claude debussy is my homeboy
i saw them a few on this tour a few months ago in boston. so good! glad you finally got to see them
ah so 15 months. i'm sure he is advanced, and it's not you being biased  they seem to grow up faster these days - now i sound old!
ah same  how was oliver?? so anooyed i couldnt come. we are the only ones with twiiter  its great! x
the whole day.
*sigh* my  usb died on my this afternoon. r.i.p, you will be missed! i hadn't even had the chance to parade you around yet
omg so srry to hear that
looking for my self... be right back.
mmm thanks, if u get too stoned and eat it thats cool
for real!  isn'**** exciting!!!!
awesome. lemme see when you're done.
i will do that..
really??
i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!
if you mention this twitter group to your followers i would be very grateful
the last day of the last time i visit my parents as an unmarried woman  (85/21589) ( [URL]  )
headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! then its back to the bed to read my book!  relaxin on my day off.
oh yeah...haven't seem that in ages!! got to watch that soon!! thanks for reminding me!!
_the_bc well, in the end, everyone's happy (most of the time)
still page one on google   still cant quite believe it   not spent a cent to get to page one..... wow what next...mmmmmm
good morning, everyone!
came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. meh
one of my favorite, most relaxing songs to wake up to: [URL] good morning.
oh ffs :@ a don't get paid till monday :@:@:@ :$. sorry william, gonna have to wait till next weekend till i give you ï¿½  :@
first ever dropped call on my mobile. on a call to  no less! ( being charged for data even though i have a data pack  )
gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!
come on bell, ring. i want to go outside.
i don't know what lender it was? yea these people definitely sucked butt toes. not friendly or helpful.
nin app gets rejected by apple, reznor threatens to go jailbreak - always entertaining  [URL]
same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... i can't believe how much **** i own !
i like to support my friends  it's sad that i'm your only friend though
omedetou!! that's truly exciting, but expected, news! decisions decisions  please let me know as soon as you 'know'?
its friday and i'm sick, story of my life...
fo showww
just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower
[URL] - joe's the photographer of the family. rehearsing is always fun. for the first couple of days it is at least.
have a slight headache
yes! you do!
alexander ovechkin is definitely my new favorite nhl player
we forgive you and we have missed you!
i miss our walks home together
haha i am aware of how one contracts a uti.  and i have training for work at 8:45 tomorrow morning so i have to go to bed early
so this my last week of school then finals yesss
finished new moon! woo! now i want the next one...
im tweeting... this is so hard... i dont get it...
[URL] - cracking myself more & more up..  phootoboothingisfunforbunny volumen eins!
aw .. the grillz in my background look like plaque ..
the construction lookd familar
i like taking my dogs with me in the car when i run errands. they are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to krogers.
just an observation: aside from the riverwalk, there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa
looking to sketch final catwalk outfit, i really really want my long pink hair back. i also want to dye my models hair pink not allowed
ohh yeh , but he was on sexy men so its okay
hey, look who's on twitter   very kewl
blahh i'm tired and i gotta go to the airport to pick my mom up! && im bored but on the upside im listening to the backstreet boys
says: 'happy mothers day!'
you're not here. i hope you're still resting.  i don't want you to be stressed.
going to ikea with the roomie so she can shop for her apartment. ikea is in like my top ten stores that i love
where is the sun!!
it wont work for me
wow what a lovely day! shame i have to clean my room
i just reading a magazine
good night..have to get up so early tomorrow
i'll use that for my next defense.
yeah! but too late  lol
lol she is okay, its just he songs are so catchy they get stuck in my head
oh, awesome, i have yahooo!  good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
not allowed to call as i live in the uk, my parents say it will cost to much  sucks !!
oh i've got that one & the stp x step one on vhs. tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to dvd but didnt work
i wanna watch pcd concert dad
its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
man, monday sucks. what i wouldn't give to be a rich beach bum, diving in a tropical lagoon every day, eating fresh fruit and fish...ahhh
it wont let me
_megan_**** thats all i've seen too   5 till 7 is the 2 hours i normally sleep so i missed it :mad: haha
stopped working on the  image database awhile ago to help greg with his term paper. now chit chatting with greg.
boy is all graduated!  so proud of him!
going to see star trek
we actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeks, & they are all scheduled when i am on vacation -
i wanna be in michi with my moma!! love you mom
thanks!
_carter the video is private
laying in bed with a book & some beautiful music.  thank you kaki & nicholas sparks.
make up your mind
i don't have an invite  i might try mr p bale for an invite
aww sorry to hear you are having a bad time. remember: this too shall pass
has just finished reading twilight and thought it was ****...okay, it was alright...okay, i love it and really wanna read the next one
not living, just trying to earn the grocery money.  i do enjoy eating at least once a day!
it just occured to me..... tonight is cheri's prom night......i was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult.
roflmao! i feel inspired to go start a huge bonfire now
morning...is anyone out there???
warren has just died.. hannah has been killed.. and i'm gutted!!! i love warren (even if he is nasty!!)
happy mothers day! im gunna crawl up in a ball and act like i dont exist  lmfaoo
i didn't get the job at berry line after all.
taking the day off and doing absolutely nothing    studying begins on the morrow
sc2 will be released before d3  hopefully!
yessss!!! got ma twin on lock!!!  welcome twiin
happy star wars day everyone!  whats everyone up to this rainy bank holiday?  i am heading out soon for coffee with my mum then shopping
ugh... i know the economy is depressing...
dude i will check again but i couldnt find anything  haha i am capital ****-e-d
oh, i'm jealous (how surprising)
she must be able to tell we're reprobates, despite your endorsement. she sounds pretty smart!
haha no, i was referring to the band... [URL]
yeah, i had a suspicion about that!! i think i'm going to come home and want to spend a ton of money on tools!
thanks! we're almost there
will miss my baby for 2 days
i just want  to sleep.
going to program now  haven't programmed for a long time now
mom said no.
is there going to be any more tai tv? ah i hope so
every time i pay off my library fine, i get a new one.  i'm a bad patron
hmm. did you mean to start 'following' me? oh and g'morning by the way!
yes i did - as a thank you. have contacted them 2ce but no response
baking experiment results: delicious, very sweet, very rich.  almost too sweet.
grounds himself from getting more toys...only cause i have officially ran out of room to place them
i don't have any
i'm just bustin' ya chops; it's not bad. never seen any real appeal to last.fm is all. bad quality audio from **** artists
love song for the night, 'then' by brad paisley.  happy mother's day   love & light ~ joy
just when i get the music to start playing..i clicked 'home'
ohhhh man  my mom got a bag of these caramel candy things, they're soooo good. i'm going to get so fat off of them ;__;
as long as you take me with you
this chair is not comfortable at all
the battle at minas tirith is still very impressive. return of the jedi is the best lord of the rings movie imo.
back on the twit. much hw's to do... will post something interesting when i think of it
unless you're gretel killeen apparently. you did look pretty **** good
does anybody want to throw a baseball around with me?
hehehe hello!!! how are you? good to see you on twitter!!
i want to call you but it would cost to much  but maybe my parents will say okay =d
ok, wtf?! why do you have something on your menu *in the window* if you don't sell it?! i wanted my bubble tea
although i know he would never be okay with a homebirth. moot point since we're done w/ babies
no i wish. just a van that comes round. we missed him
p.s. i heart your face
always be your self and thing will go on without no problem and do you even try hard to be your self ... just be ...and smile
long night ahead.
not been on for a while eh barry lol.tweet deck is like prehistoric lol
yes, i found you! come to greenville. perfect weekend for pictures and no sidekick to go shooting with
i wish yesterday was friday
getting closer to logging in. my left hand is so swollen, i can't wear my wedding ring. i keep forgetting and worrying that i lost it.
grr!  i hate being **** near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va
i'm addicted to the jonas brothers' new single 'paranoid'! it's awesome!! if you haven't heard it already, go check it out!!
u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends? i know what you get from me but i'm questioning what i'm getting from u.
night out had 2 b put on hold 4 2 weeks coz i was so ill last nite, gutted! still had a nice nite tho  but whers the sun gone!
ok so jeff looks like he has a black eye!!
finally picked up some handwraps, but struggling to wrap my stronger hand with the other! defo should have got some a lot sooner though
went to the hawksmoor last night and probably had the best  steak i've ever had
mummy and nathan not in today! on my todd!
i just had pasta  from pizzahut.
i'm in the starbucks with a cup of coffee   [URL]
so looking forward to your new album
omg. i love my parents i juss got a lavender camera as an early birthday present!!!
it's the small things in life that count, like being on a blur photograph of google streetview..  keep following !!!
_skies miss you too :'( it is!i never want to come home.....seriously
what do you mean by your portfolio is sad?  no luck here.  i've applied about 30 places so far.
sleeping over my cousin's house for the weekend. bugzy
happy momies day  [URL]
mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. lol, having way too much fun being bored.  i miss him
at work......thinking about the rest of my finals...summer almost here
gossip fluffodile here. the latest? mad night with teg, jack, lou, tess and frey. had a gender war. but i was v. sad for a friend also
- for all dad is doing like this to his son/daughter love
tooth ache...but still sipping lol at the fam. partyyyy
i didn't go to the gym today and i feel bad
thus far, metaverse u has used the second life = virtual worlds, rather than the gamier terra nova usage. i'm in the tn camp  #metaverseu
i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
ughhh. i think my plans are ruined. i was excited too.
i love u2! lol, i you ever need a slow but good audiobook oliver twist is a one i've been listening to lately.
rope witdrawal in full effect, no one to tie, no teaching, no demos, no one to play with. but worst of all - no one to play with!
me neither at first...but u gotta go thru somethin first to get there lmao...i almost burnt my house down and that set me str8
is at the salon with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
whatï¿½s hot and new?
my moms calling hospice 4 great gpa  its only a matter of time only god knows.
lol sweet!!! ...i still have yet to watch the 4th movie  hope ur having a lovely weekend! happy mother's day from aus! =p haha
mommy coming home from vegas tonight! going to pick her up later in islip her plane doesnt get in until 10:40. killme. i want my mommy
_ that is not even a question. when/when is the question
same to your mom too pril
_j 4ever, it was in she's the man aswell  i love them now. i want gossip girl too! have decided summer = spending lots.
that's true  i never believe my staff when they call in sick on mondays or fridays - lol!
i kind of figured. he'd probably be unable to reason out why a lot of the things in manga happen, or the way they happen.
you can learn a lot from another person.. dont try to out better oneself when its all about love and happiness  goodnight
i googled him & looked @ a lot of sites... i should have checked here first.  how exciting, for you both
_ nothing new at all. lol. oh, i bitched alot today about one person in particular with rachel. oh and i planned the ultimate event
oops! ignore last post  meant to be a direct message!
the sunset view is so beautiful from my room!
live long and prosper !  lol star trek was the best!
um that's really scary, please be safe!  btw ill be in orlando next week
added 30 minutes to morning sleep by cutting out useless today show. feels nice
i looking at failure
fell asleep with techno songs on shuffle. loud.  its been on for hours. im too lazy to go turn it off. he has like 800
ok thanks  do you like my new pic? [URL]
sweet! i'm a jaycee one-letter-er i think. just d!
wow its follow friday and i havent tweeted... fail. and nobody has followed me today  dble fail. *suicide*
how was your day ? boredom stuck my head
thanks, i'm glad you liked it. it's a flower made of diamonds
closeness or distance? closeness... but now everything seems so distant...
pulled out the breakfast sausage for mothers day. hopefully the baby sleeps in
sorry change of plans for me   :'( revision for monday exam in a park with one of my friends
i may have to take a trip in to the loft to get the fans down...its like being in spain!! except without a pool to cool down in  xxxxxxxx
aww maybe i traumatized her.
excellent the suzaku 7 are back together  woop last episode  hope its a happy one i'm a sucker for these really lol shh
happy birthday  hope you enjoyed us singing to you wednesday <3
i have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!
yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though... i kinda lost respect for him in an episode i recorded...
i wasn't tryin to call you out, i just remember my dad always had my **** late. he never got in trouble, i did.
well, at least it's not as bad as i thought. found a new website to watch movies on and i gotta say.......it's not bad, not bad at all
[URL] - ashley tisdale - love the shades girl
airsoft is horrible!! hope you didn't get hurt
sad news, after a week in the hospital, my uncle past away today. r.i.p. uncle tony
i've gotta watch out for those stealth skillz! i always forget.
i wanna go, but i so freaking broke   have fun for me
just got rear ended
what was itt!?
we*d man on his way     yess!!    time 2 wake up 4 real  lol
i waited too long to buy pink tickets!  now we're going to be in nose bleed!!  how sad  we're taking binoculars...
haha yea  if i knew yew wanted 2 go i would have told yew
back at work.....too much email in my inbox....
is updating an old ipod...sad...i miss my orange nano
how come u all don't seem to excited to play in dc????
me too.  i was in florida last weekend for the rain.  came back home to ri, rain.  terrible
welcomes my nephew to the christian world.
loved the shoutout on tweethampton, congrats!! hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend
i'm fake. . is that the same?   ~k~
seen him! he's beautiful
dubai!!! still trying to settle down
hehe--sorry.  i've never been very good at blending in...
ok we found our way now... i think  tonight let's just let go its dance time!
at work   leave for berlin at 17:00 by car, will be a late arrival
check on ya'll in a bit. im in for a mother's day haircut. ciao!...
lol i really wanna go there!! imma check the vid out rite now
well sunday the weather looks great gone take my bike to visite my mom on her day
i miss you!!!! it's lonely and empty without you!  [URL]
checked out green day on demand & saw the new live videos. u were right, they did blow my mind  i love u sgb, even more all the time, mom
soz no ideas. that is a reason i didnt take geography cz i would fall asleep as well. lmao
gutted - the handbag i wanted has been sold!
exactly!
beta 5 of 3.0 expired today, back on 2.2.1 until the public release. i miss it already
actually loves nesquik cereal
my #followillfriday sucks because while i was teaching people how to be nice, you **** were drooling over notion
heyahh i thought u wern't cumin to london till the 5th ? i love you taylorr ..****
i want to go with you !  but i'm tierd....
heeder's again and on monday as well... absolutely no plans for the weekend
is heading off to the fair
a laodicean life for kavya & family probably got kavya her spelling bee crown! congrats! note, spell check doesnt recognize laodicean
sad day!!!!! love you maï¿½ (8 years ago!)
@_enzo blech... thats a fail when you're receiving dollars. i quoted a job in usd last month. i'm getting paid now = major losses
hopping in the shower,   you can help me tidy my room  its a **** hole, mums **** friends
- so sorry ambien got sick.  perhaps work her ashes into the garden with a catnip plant?
btw, i am actually just trying to get my own lazy bottom in gear.  me lots to do to and still not dressed !
yeah, plus i always totally overspend
i dont wanna miss the laker game tonight! i'm so sad
will be going to indiana baptist sunday, pray for summer missionaries...
my best friend is in vegas without me
_awake good midday.
where's my new
nooooooo  sue is retiring  no no no no!
i saw my credit-card statement. maybe i should receive the unholy aiden fan package!! yaaaaay.
... a kidney stone. really?? ugh  [URL]
not nerdy at all. i made one yesterday.
best purchases at today at the yard sales: 2 large dog crates ($30) and a refrigerator for the office ($35) didn't buy anything old
no i love jordie's version as well as joe's and donnie's all 3 are different
going to watch boy in the striped pj's hope i don't cry
amazing! the concert, the city, everything. it was really an awesome trip
new supernatural tonight!
i think i would be a good radio dj...i like awesome music and i have a great personality!!!!  ;) !!!   !!!
nope probably revision  hbu? x
he seemed all happy about it
addict? me? okay i admit i need help  but... i have been writing hits big bro. i really really have *smile*
gangstarr exgirl to the next girl, nas one mic, hold on i still can't listen so i guess it dont matter
let's make this last forever.
at the taste a addison w/ her fav. ppl
absolutely nothin
it's your inherent humility
watching boxing and waiting to go out to hollywood tonight
home from ice cream tweet-up (my very first tweet-up!) no pics because my camera battery died last night and i forgot to charge it
i ran out of facebook quizzes. lol grocery shopping then work. w00t?
is ready for a productive friday. one of the last of the year
bom apetite
ahh! members of the toasters and  playing with void union! sick! i missed  and we are the union
i don't get as much time here either. it's going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  it stinks.
why did u copy wot i wrote //hmm
yeah ! i downloaded her whole album. :'> the fame ! i miss you taking care of me  hahah !
lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?
*hugs* listening to ebtg 'each & every one' perfect for public hol monday morn with cuppa t
its a travesty, no? and, the people who are doing this said they'd think about involving joss whedon!!!!
cashflow forecasts are fun but big red numbers aren't
all is well..that ends well! < unless of course well times the power of three = the sum of ends if x being all
that's the prob, no idea how to meet guys. met all my exs online & now i've dated that pool dry
10-year-old girl battles rare breast cancer  [URL]
ooh, cutting. i like you
didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex, v emotional times  but the sun is making me happy !
deck building buddy missing in action
a midwest girl, lol....so close and yet so far
no.  i was thinking just before how much i miss my t-dub.
happy mother's day.....................i had a gr8 day with my kids & my mum
awww, here...waz uuuup!!!   seriously, glad y'all had fun.  too bad my invite got lost in the mail lol. peace. xo
: eww. dislike
going out for the good ol' 'soak' tonight for a mothers day feed.       in love more then ever
i'm fighting off feeling sick. hoping it's just tired. i'm really not feeling too well, though
i didn't check twitter till just now. thanks everyone for all the congrats! i really really appreciate it  #fb
trying to upload one thousand photos!!
good night erin!  i wouldn't say that this is early or that you are old.
thanks! we're still all passing around germs here but we're surviving.  have i missed anything?
so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo
can u add ur link. i can't find u on youtube.
is going to a wedding in the afternoon
got the best mothers day present from tys. it made me cry uncontrollably, and it wasn't a present
took some phogs
little girls and their shallowness annoy me. on the good side i didnt straighten my hair at all today and it looks some what decent
$67 for my books, no complaints. 67 more than i had plus i'm on book voucher!
good to have a (boy)friend like you
when living in spain..you can never take a hot shower for granted..luckily i have nice friends across the street
i going to go to bed & i failed miserably at booking a holiday  although i do seem to have a new follower. high five. x
ahh, that would be a good reason.. heh hope that goes well hun
you finally watched he's just not that into you arizzard  justin long is sexy isn't he! i told ya
my knee hurts!
_ii it's foggy here
this hole twitter thing is new too me, its not letting me change my picture so your stuvk with the wee stpid thing for now
getting ready to ship a care package to the daughter. she's not coming home this summer from college
no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  #fixreplies
i lost a follower  oh well probably one of those mute ones anyway.
just ordered an asus eee pc.
_rain oh what the hell  way to tell me.
your not alone
finally finished my **** film final!!!  (well, all except 1 part, but idk how to do it....) :/
gooooonight twitter...... i hope im better tomorrow
who sings 'i remember'? i alwaysss hear it on radio 1 but never catch the artist
im trying to fix myself really but i need to stop cutting myself
yeah, planning to do that actually. got a kinokuniya discount card, so i'm going to splurge.  just worried about being overwhelmed.
tomorrow it's the final competition
better get to sleep, dodger game/mothers day 2maro  ewl i have to wake up at 8!
thanks! i will tell her my friends on twitter say so.
hate being sick  especially when there's no one to pamper me
woke up.
just finished lunch...subway eat fresh.......now gotta go back to work
ohhh beautiful place. you on hols? go steady on the mead!
tonights a great night for sports. the yanks and lakers are both playing. i want to watch the games but im still scared to drink.
i have the bigggest headache
fatigue settling in, but gotta power through! awesome seats again tonight. i'm pretty lucky. life ain't too bad...
i know i was wrong. maybe i shouldnt did all of those **** things like that
you're welcome chica
i'm fine, i've just been trying to figure out the meaning behind this song, and i cant think of anything.  urlm.in/cnmt
lmao i've never met anyone who liked caramel this much
oh no i hate that
movie and popcorn time
interesting people like you should never be bored, tooshers.
holy cute! dexter has already lost his kitten face  gettin a chunky butt since we got back from qld too haha
naw forget it then. i will only if u take them
#supernatural at 9:30pm on #ten.. counting down..
i'm at work
a banana and 2 cups of coffee...not a so healthy breakfast!
and before i crash grilled chicken breast w/ reefried beans  gnite twitties
ooh hayfever has struck..thought i was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  remedies anyone...?
i never was good at platform games...
womp womp woooomp!
city in a bittt.
if its too hard go to ur guy peicing person and he shoud change it cause mine be hard to change to
u were doing good with the replys now u fallin off sad face
about to dye my hair and do my nails
learning french  funy school-day today  don't be mad about english :*:*
dyed my hair. .'back to black'
making mother's day gift
uhhh.. not yet, maybe my dm inbox is just slow. i'll let you know when it shows
me too! i don't know why every time i listen to it i start to cry!
ugh feeling sick to my stomach and i have five more hours of work to go
hey i saw snl 2nite&i loved it!! especially the crumpin' ****-**** scene  'crumpin'34 dub' wow hilarious
maybe i missed my chance this time
paramore songs? one of the best! currently listening to 'emergency'
not columbus but just wanted to say sorry to be missing indiana show tomorrow. so sad  i will be in the woods with 8 gs.
a new baby? how exciting  congrats in advance
yes, this nba song is great!!!  got an old funny nba cheerleader remix song. ohrwurm of the day 'colorblind'.
pegel..cape ya keliling kuil..but,totally awesome!was amazed by the temple,culture,ambience..truly amazing thailand
just looked at your page and realised it was a radio show, get them to play call it what you want so love that track
that's the problem. the earphones i get here don't last more than 2 months, no matter what brand or price.
the signal that makes your internet 'go' is pretty bad  getting a tech out will get that fixed up, though!
ym, meebo & ebuddy really hate us
white house joins social networking sites > [URL] - better late than never
it was only announced in the last few days. due to cancer i think
so true donna  wish you a joyfull sunday ~siddy
room is clean, now it's time for breakfast
well here i go off to work
juice! i miss juice, any fruit
lots of things nico. gud news: i have a job bad news: its in the middle of nowhere. got my phone 4 twitter but cnt play videos.
cool, i saw it now in the link thanks
ahhh, 7 am meetings  thanks reimer!
thx! old computer here, too slow for both kubuntu and blender really.
my blog is now updated
a bunny was eating my moms plants. naturally, she started shooting. no more bunny.
i will be sending it to you when i get my first check if i make enough lol i have only worked like 8 hours so far
but he got to do it with effy!
still doing grench paper and still getting distracted
i saw you started following me -  welcome - what do you do in akl and for whom?
_h ok so who do you know on daisy of love? and have you seen it yet. oh lord
so i got to my exam centre n they said we can't let u becuz of your sleeveless top! u cud believe that!? i had to go home
figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ...
i was kiddin' with you. shy is not a word i'd use to describe me
fyi- putting makeup on under flourescents = fail. ... oh face-peely, why must you look so hideous? also, wheres my lipstick?
ac is broke at the house. waiting to get an estimate on timeframe to repair. on the bright side, gonna join colab this week.
sadly cannot listen...  *sob*
wee are going to the movies tonight to see wolverine
wants chocolate milkkk
friday here at last, not much fun when your skint though
equations and graphs
don't fall to celebrity worship, though... just write what you think, do the best you can and rock on
i'm home, yay! unpacked everything, now just got to wash it all
wow my grandma passed away....i'm too sick to even think, i know she's in a better place now
20 john: :   [URL]
that was my entire week!! i didn't get to design once while at my graphic design job, only at home doing freelance. sad.
in case you missed it on my fb status: looking for maui hotel recommendations. yes, maui!
happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you!
it's good to see all my family  was a good day today
okay thank you! i can't find it
actually, i think i'm being mean to her....i feel sorry now
i was just watching some cartoons as i haven't in years when i was eating my breakfast, the programs have changed
i missed the game
when are  gonna release another album already?!? i miss them
oh dear.  that is terrible. however, moleskine notebooks rule. a lot.
i don't mind him not paying rent. i'm just over the moon at the idea of him moving out at least 12 years early
that's what i did with my other friends dati e. i could totally do that.  lian, eina, gelli, you, zero & francis. we'll fit!
why do i have to wake up so early goddam?! 7.30 on my last day off  bummer
always get my hopes up too soon...we were soooo close
will have to wait on the recipe at simply recipes.  sorries!
i just put my tv on the canucks game and they score  yaay come on vancity baby (i know, i can't believe i'm watching hockey either)
the skimchamp taxi service!  best in the land!
my knee is killing me
plus you guys have icetv, which i really miss from living there.
and here goes my first twitter from #twitterberry application from my #blackberry bold 9000..  cheers, long live.. #smr
awww  no problem , sorry for tha loss
have fun, hon! ooh, look what a poet i am.
in 24hrs time i will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam, scary. i am working hard this morning though, and feeling ok about it atm
my name too    (soulja boy tell 'em live live > [URL]
it's definitely worth it; art not withstanding  i hate moving; and hate packing even more..
really enjoyed the podcast with  this was my 1st time listenening to the show. will def listen from now on
gone up to 8mm on my plug. help, this is where i said i'd go maximum and i still want to stretch it more...
you know you're up too late when the tcu nightly scan starts! oh well, i graduated today
doesn't sound so great at all  [URL] #palmpre
night boyssss
i should be in nyc right now with some of my favorite people but instead i am stuck in ri.
dam just finished watching prison break: the final break...omg i dont think i've cried so hard for a show..finally understand the finale
why don't u use twitpic? none of ur pics show up on my phone
haha maybe someday i will be your publicist! that's what i am going to school for
w00t, have a red wine now
_songs i know  especially since the summer is such a boring tv time to begin with.
alternate name for a 'bacon mary'... a 'bloody piggy!' ;) (i have to give my boyfriend credit for that idea!)
now that you say that you do look like demi  hahaha!! yessss august 2nd will be a blast
wondering if my local borders is going to make it. lots of bare shelves... it makes me sad
hey, have a great gig! we'll have to do exchange of tracks via ze emayal  i'm all lost in loops right now and still writing ****
im disgusted as well and baron, spelling lessons homie!! haha it's 'effort' and 'team' r u shwasty? shloshed?  i love you
dang ya'll mothers day already. goodnight twitter world. i start shooting monday.
that sucks that u have 2 go through that  id b pissed 2
[URL] - i saw this pic and it reminded me of you in anna and the king.. so cuuuute little fella
_couper  i've heard that. 2 of my sons have seen it and one wants to see it again. i can't wait to get there
hi cs, welcome to the twitterverse, if i can help with anything, just ask
thinking my drink is watered down but hey its free
super pumped to do the 'relay for life' tonite. i am walking in honor of my sweet grandpa '06 and my uncle howard who past just yesterday
jonas rocked tonight!  going to bed after i write a lil bit... night and bless all
ugh something is wrong, suddenly i feel extremely flushed and shaky and i broke out in a sweat. idk what's wrong.
i don't know, i noticed that happens to me sometimes too.
_baby  your not talking about your obsession with me right???
10 cutest cat moments video - [URL] - enjoy
today is a blessed day
that doesnt look good at all.
good morning, good wakeup music
goin to the mall and gonna see the movie ghost of gfs past i hope its good and top it all im goin alone  but ilook cute and feel good ^^
i'm sooo happy demi's back on twitter!
[URL] - yeah  well thanks *blushes*
- gig was awesome! am exahausted and so dont want to revise  boo hoo!
borrowing my mom's lenovo laptop the trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. seriously missing my macbook pro
'icant live, i cant live!!!' lmao. oh and btw - oooowwwch my foot  hurry with that plaster, im going to bleed to death
woops! i only just realized my dms to you are not going through
*waves back* have a good day
you are a very naughty woman - we sooo have to meet!
ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up), but the order status online still says waiting review.
i believe only my black personality can explain how i feel... that boyfrann of mines gots me sprung
we're practicing our blackjack skills. it doesn't look hopeful.  [URL]
it happened to me the other day (customer asked me to ship to her work address), i sent her another one
_crumbles all the best for art attack. thanks 4d follow
working on a bank holiday, but i don't mind - it's all good fun
gtg now, listen to cobra's new song @ their myspace, ttyl  santi <3
my original non-yahoo acc. was deleted when they got bought-out  but it's not too bad, i don't receive any yahoo-spam from it.
_d wish leigh a happy mother's day for me! it's midnight in ny
is online shopping...fantastic
i'm enjoying this sunday very much. no parents. no revision. just like any other sunday
big hair rock day today me thinks  here i go again to start xxxxx ? [URL]
me to, oh well maybe one day
nope- dnt have wireless ne more  haters!!!! ugh... save me a copy so i can watch it...
online!
is making cupcakes and says i can't have any  kelli, you're a bad sister.
sorry to hear that  it's going okay, just tweeting away
i did argue with byron because he said im fat
just uploading photos from the cell...nothin like true candid-ness!
my entire body hurts.  shower, hot tea and tv please..
because i just lost my first field notes notebook 6 pages before filling it up!! rip  #fieldnotes
is seventeen today  and is trekking from chorleywood to see    and  in cambridge  <3
alright alright! i will be tuning in and taking notes - remember what i said before (got a spot? raising my handz - both
if it makes you feel any better.. my saturday night is lame as well. i heart you
just spent all day putting up a trampoline but is now too tired to use it...  it is very cool though!!
seriously why did mum make me eat yeah i have a weird eating habit of not eating all day but really
_oliver no happy mums day for the mums, only the guys????
i have to figure out how this works!! i don't get it  hope you're doing well!!!
oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous.
wow, i've officially lost all faith in britain, looks like our wishes weren't met, sadly
office hours/trying to make my computer feel better.
say hi to kimba for me
hahaha maybe it was certain groups of juniors.  hello, and what are you doing in korea? we're all over the world!
well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away
watched the standard dvd 3d version, no blu in uk yet, 3d effect was best i have seen on home system yet, **** in 3d
wow! party! my new life! it is awesome! no more girlfriends they just create tons of drama! babes at a party is the way to go!  just w ...
thanks. but it is seriuosly my back up plan
don't cut yourself!!
reminders are good! speaking of which, we haven't had a posture check in awhile.....
_ what did he say about it?? gosh! i missed the yesterday live chat.. i was at bed.. sick
and amanda peet in a lot like love. loves it.. classic, really
omgsh im being followed by >>paramore<< :o
can only walk on streets as am in london town....no fields
thank you, i will have a look
whatever. workweek's over. time to go play with new phone. sim card didn't transfer contacts list
i want to see my friends  mindless fun. no work, all play. all drunk, all walwal. all being mean to each other and sleeping in one bed
screw it i'm going shopping. i'll be back by like 3 anyway and then i'll do hard core revision
good morning twitter-ers  rise and shine,, just on my way to school
oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you & your pretty face & youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
will cook a sumptuous lunch today
_matta take my 'how well do you know me' quiz!! i made one the other day... no one took it yet  i put pics from yday on fb ****
hey we were at tallebudgera creek at 5pm.....visiting anita's special tree........could have almost bumped into you
you forgot moi  #twpp
studying out of spite. whatever.. wonderful unforgettable weekend with dc
jeff was right! call of duty pwns. now i just gotta figure out what to do with this xtra copy of wolvarine i bought earlier this week.
had a nice chat with an old frnd... its been a while since v talked  was fun...
never invite
nope  neither of our ladies are on today.
looks like another sober weekend ahead...
sooo.....i'm kind of sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
hi there all! can't stay to long have to go to work soon
just for reference, i don't own that dress either. sounds like lh was a good fopp buy then
damnnn. training starts  at 11. but that would have been cool. next timeee
bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt.
i love him..i hate him..i loved him yesterday...ill hate him tomorrow....**** im confused
just got booked my ticket to athens
not sure yet... they said we'll see
is watching 'sicko' and is utterly digusted with this country...
ugh..  this sucks.
loves him but most importantly loves my mom! happy mothers day!
- no,  is buttfuck stupid. i'm just silly and forgetful
i'm actually on skype but ssshh don't tell anyone.
i am the empitome of epic fail, just you know, more epic than fail.
sorry to hear that
omg  i broke down and had pizza because i was stressed out     you mad at me?
yeah....but i finish go home get changed etc etc then im off again
thinking of you   why we canï¿½t control our thoughts?
holy ****...sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier...ok, o back to doubles!
oh my... now im offended.  ha
did you finish twilight? i did! and i wish it wasnt over
yum. thanks.  just getting dressed and waiting for my washing to finish so i can hang it up.  i'll text you when i set off
wellity! i think ima gonna clean my room :| ****. i need to read a good book. sense and sensibility here we come! beat the lily
i don't know the guys on radio disney have so much energy. i wouldn't be able to do it  <3
i was in row p, but i tried to run down to the front in corrupted and  i could see you singing away
.. did you have to bust a cap? tell me you had to bust a cap for jesus!
i wish joe bidden was on the train with me.
im kinda bored anyone else i think ill listen to some hip hop its pretty good you should check it out www.bseresults.net
i can't do 30 minutes of treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already, gonna do 20 minutes more
im still devastated about manchester united losing the ucl final
not really  just have to install os x on a harddrive and get it to boot on schools imacs.
digiqom welcomed new team members in the company today
_o haha .. i'm from philippines!  i just want to follow you!
_98 kevin can't leave work until 2
2nd period studyhall + remembered my ipod = music time!
that's mean
_bach thank you for your positive energy + contributions here!
im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode
watching cartoons.....
no not that expensive  windows or linux
it did, i didnt really watch it haha
definitley miley
good morning all!   hope everyone is doing well on this monday!   thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   i am blessed!
animating an ad for work. one of my favorite things to do. so much so that i'm doing it on a saturday night for fun!
tell my work to give me two days off in a row! stat! i'm full time i'm supposed to have priority
he's a mess. but ilove him
tink! (whatever the **** it means!!) from your jkuk girls! show us some love! ;)  ****
_girl well something thaz quick please
something for you is on its way in the mail to your pj address, just fyi
planning to run riot in luton today! ba haa!  not reeeally  where's the library in this (****) town though?
hale yeahhh that's the coolest part about it ;) hahaha. and i can match grieco!
happy mothers day mom!
i have been married 1 year to the most wonderful man
[URL] - - my besties. if only  was there.
it is far from downtown, 30-40 minutes or so  and they do have veggie burgers
omg ! bgt making me cry  . that wee girl  it's soo sad.
whether that's good or bad, i can't disagree with you there.
i'd respond, if i were going
awake from the nap
just got finished watching marley and me, and i cried like a **** baby...i'm missing my beast like crazy!
today was sooo boring in school. i was sleeping all the time
will this rain ever go away, my puppy is getting cabin fever and she doesn't like going out in the rain
128 days till beyonce
chilling with some tv quite bored at the moment
almost everyone can suck my **** right about now. ive had it up to here with people **** me over !
happy mother's dayyyy. love you mummyyyyyyyy
so glad, i hope yall make it back down near new orleans
work, work, work and why did i get so tired all of a sudden.  , nicole told me you say 'hi' aww she was so enthusiastic  hi paul
that breaks my heart
:o wow only just found out new xbox is called xbox720 , how did i not no im a geek ...
i hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry
i've got one too  though i think mine was attributed to the seizure inducing color/light show in the movie the soloist.
who builds a hotel without air-con? bloody boiling in here...
wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  crappy day
i miss youuu and i wish i was dodging semis with you
i dont have no plans just to go home and watch the game. plus i still have to work early so cant be out partying too late
oh no! my kindergarten teacher died  mrs. collinson always remembered every student she ever had. loved that lady.
!!! it's fantastic!
28ï¿½ in vancity? holy shizz. i will be home soon kids!
well going to sleep peoples!! night all twitterers!! loves ya!  *welcome home*
hi  thanks for the follow  good luck with your friend? ha
taco bell with the tramp!yesssssir
have you guys heard about the flu that's been going around? swine flu? hope you guys are safe  there've been deaths already. :-s
/ happy mommy's day
eating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days
fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to dmv early tmrw
i keep trying to talk myself out of australia by thinking of the jet lag  so far it isn't working... i still want to go!
i didn't get the job at stuff magazine  dammit, that would have been amazing!! oh well.
depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. i want your book!!
new york from 1500ft looks rather good. last night in the big apple.
waitin for the man to get home so he can take me out !!!! been waitin 4 hours
hell unlucky! :o and and it comes out next week here.
boo! i must've deleted it from my phone!  can't find it in my emails either!
good luck with it..do well!! my best wishes are with you!
have lots 2do as usual! laundry, thanking god, cleaning house, praising god, cutting the hedge and thanking and praising god some more!
good luck tonight! have fun
it's not working here
why must the weather b so nice and then so bad all in 1 minute
wish i was but im in chicago
is going to go get some food.
omg... i just learned that the little girl who played ducky in the very first land before time movie was murdered at the age of 10. wtf?
yeah i know hun, spammers seem to move fast though, already had two in first few minutes of posting.  block 'em
08.05.09 partying at the pineforest  [URL]
i wish pitchfork would shutup about #primavera.  makes me miss spain
i am on blaze and my head hurts.
kenny u alive!!!...i'm here getting da hair done..to bad i'm not chillin w/ u todat  kinda sad
oh man! they better do something to fix that!! ugh stupid verizon
_soul i look forward to your new cd  big fan
no you didn't,  not more then me anyway
lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
i have to work tomorrow too sheli
dead gerbil
happy star wars day - may the fourth be with you!
oh how i love texting my drunk friends  hahahaha
_waters was until i had to go home 'cause the presentation ended  x
i thought it was a simple one  i found it hilarious.
2night- dance parties, fun times, & awkward situations  highlight- driving w/ nims and annie listening to satellite windows downnnn
it took me months to understand your avatar
the winds nearly blew you out of the outfield.
just woke up and feeling real good cause of krispy kreme. i want me some doughnuts
hey
okay i feel really sick now
just got back from lunch and feeling more like a nap is in order than work  but i will press on!
lohang: is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here's my profile [URL] [URL]
i think twitter hates every1 when it comes 2 photos! took me ages the other day 2 change my pic!! especially at this time!
traffic jam outside of chicago. i feel very 'office space' right now.
can't wait to see it tonite!! should be hilarious
chillin waitin for my hunny baby to get out of work!!!!!  to get my drink on while finishin da song i have
gonna go to my aunts party. it's gonna be a late night thing so hopfully i can get up for school tomorrow!
another day and i couldn't find you.    i ended up trying another cart, can't remember their name.  'sigh'
thanks. feel so happy 2 make ur day a great one. enjoy it 2 the fullest n have fun always
talking on the phone with someone i've missed a lottt.
fml! ughhhhhhhhh, im not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom i share with my mother and cry!
why is it so hard to find good house events in the sacramento area?
_babsi there's a manual process... but it's taking 4ever on my outlook database... pffff. crappy msft product
@_flik_ good one.   might think about it for this year's nanowrimo competition.
i get to go to coffee now  it's no fun. i hate it too!
the bus is rolling along faster than expected. i might make it home by 6:15. maybe.
no worries
oh yeah, radio1 is so playing earth, wind and fire
lol wat u making me come all da way overr there for?v
14 dayssss ahhhh super excited   'they're telling me that my heart wont beat again'   jls were awesome yesterday (:
you're so cute.
thx 4 following  r y a band? what kind of genre that y play? nice to meet all of y
prom tonight.. too bad im not going to be there
_r i can't get one either because of the dog. i'm pretty sure the bunny wouldn't survive a struggle with tom
good day all. let's see what we can get accomplished today together.
just realized tonight's drake
make her something. buying something is too impersonal. she's your mom!
'you are what u eat' isn't exactly true.. 'you are what u digest' todayisaprosperous &productive day! thankujesus!  beyeblessed! hee hee
omg! i didnt even know my friend knew  !!! lol its a small world
aaauuuggghhh! in n out, check! mcdonald's, check! haha, next is hot cheetos!
shud realy go 2 bed  proper tired bt cnt b boverd...x
watching wizard of waverly place
i was just asked by a suit where i was heading to. i didn't think i looked that much like a ****
that's just how babies are  their little rhythms are still in sinc with when they were inutero.
unless absolutely gorgeous i'd rather men stayed covered up! have seen sights today to put you off your food.......  #ukpubs
ok tweeps.. sorry. too many twitpic. i'll delete those pics as soon as  had 'em copied
home from school. out tonight? probably not
obama is the ish!!!!  he is funny!
mmm  eating tostitos && piknik with spinach dip from s&r. <3
has so much to blog, but has no time to
i'm sooo lost without my car  this is truly depressing. pregnant people should never be this stressed out!
i want some ice cream
haha nice! i heard it's a sweet hotel. on another note, not a good game last night
got my car back and excited/sad for the going away party i'm attending tonight. dani is going back to brazil...
you are now famous in houston, take a look  [URL]
i hope your mom is ok?
oh lucky u!! i need to send mines away to get fixed
yep that one works. i love potbelly but i can't get it in az  have to wait for my chi-town trips
everyone vote for  for the mtv movie awards coz my comp is mashed up and wont let me vote!  i will somehow!!!!!!
yea once - me and my friends flew out to amercia to see her w/ the jonas brothers  . have u? haha i hate bebo :p . aw cant wait
just finished filming for the day  another fun day on the set! hahaha!
if you click on settings, there is a link to the public timeline at the bottom of that page.
'coomee to ja-maiii-cah an feel alllll right!!' hahaha
good song
i dont associate with fake asses!
so much for buying that awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - i am now berry'd like everyone else...
what are u doing now ??
had so much fun today !  i love alyssa arellano and mika reyes ! :*
what a beautiful morning ; it's time to get up and enjoy the sun
we want to trade with someone who has houston tickets, but no one will.
smh!!!! im sick with this bug that's going around..almost everyone i know is sick, including me...
an hour of walking in hot weather = a satisfied but hurting nellie.  ow, blisters.
this is really helpful,  you swear a lot, i just realized. haha.
wow. i just install twitter fox. i am tired to keep refresh my browser
to all mothers out there... or even soon to be mothers >8d happy mother's day y'all
reception food at long beach graduation = no champagne  [URL]
you're back?
you are the sweetest.  love you cuz!
broken my leg  comment me please
has found that old familiar feeling again.
truly? like what?
thanks dear, i know this, but i appreciate the validation as always
me too!    need some tour dates stat!
i assume you mean 2nd item with 3 nested lines, but no invert call tree button to be found   ï¿½  ï¿½   ï¿½
weee! internet is back here at home!
staying home to work on a linoleum block carving for a project (due tomorrow). there will probably be pictures.
: yes!
we need men to give their input too so i'll fill u in on the time very soon
oh wait, i messed up my own messed up lyrics, that should be 'don't concretize it'
starting to wonder if i'm going to get this job... came across as though i'd find work elsewhere if needs must... not intentionally
like u said 'give tc a chance!' we will miss thomas  but have to move on. so watch this! [URL]
is up early to send someone off at the airport!  [URL]
day 2 of back to work , day 1 went allllllllright i was only exposed to the swine flu for 8 hours so thats ok i think? just wash my hands
hmm maybe i this time i really did over react and do the worst
nooo... as a font connoisseur i can totally relate dude, my heart goes out to you
i'm off for tonight good night everyone
my stupid putet won't let me go to your chat
thanks  night
leo carillo beach and will rogers state park are on the list of state parks that might close      [URL]
the tip of my finger hurts  lmao
hi its not about howmany people follow you its about how much you help others
..the weather may makes it, cause temp fell down to 15c from 30c which were yesterday  ...
i feel bad for john and kate. and the 8.
hungraaaaaaaaay. i'll just eat. don't go away twitter!  lunch.
goodnight  ps- thanks for jailbreaking my ipod, stacie <3
ugh! i have got to stop biting my nails  grrrrr
well then you should come, nigguh. only thing is i may be going to like phuket or bali afterwards
me knows what to be tested on all the exam subjects except for english. **** davis.
haha hi mum! wow yes, very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing
yeah, that doesn't sound very good
for me they're not
don't you procrastinate!   (like i do...)
,  - muji  yipee. is anybody coming here? i can send them over hahaha. but can somebody bring jt's bsg disks? haha
hot weather for the lose. and i have to clean too!  cleaning in the heat sucks balls.
yay! just bought american dad volume 4  also seen australia is out on dvd. could be a lot cheaper than going...
_benson the macarena never looked so good. loved the 'aaaaiieee' squeak / exclamation
just for fun: jessica alba weekly twitter follower count: 35,138 (+5,468). this is starting to look like a movement.
saw this lil girl that has big eyes and hair like dora the explorer. how cute
*dancing pirouette ballerina hugs*  morning my awesome brudder!
thank you, sweetie. i just don' understand how people can be mad at me for something they made as a choice in life..
good luck with your breakfast search. but here in the us, i have to go to bed. lol. goodnight david.
gray! .... i so feel neglected
can't sleep!!! people keep textin me!!!
exam at 8.
no happy hour in ccp eithah that's 2 bad
i'm wishing i was outside instead of trapped in my office.
have funnn!
watching thomas the train engine makes me miss george carlin
dsi is the latest nintendo ds with 2 cameras + stuff built in. we are a gadget house. luckily i get my blackberrys free from work
_dave meany
well i guess it all depends,undergarments.
this week has been fun...i hope next week will be even better  nyc in 19 days
worried about the reply after sending the sms to 78277.
happy mother's day mommy and grandma haha  ily
i want to know who is that ??.6  i tried to ask p'kia but he still not reply me  but now he change his status to 'away'
_ was yeah... work in 7 hrs  how you
does anyone know how to scale a pic down i'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n i keep cropping them...help
we're one, but we're not the same, we get to carry each other
make your own google search page with your name   [URL]
thankyou  how is ur night?
a bird flew into window at my parents house and snapped his poor neck. gotta bury him
i'm awake. anybody else awake? wish i lived in the us since all the fun happens when i'm asleep!
no way. what about sydney?  yeah, you guys are like the semi-older version of short stack. however, with the same talent.
thanks to follow
not feeling it 2day, just left the glasses on  peace and unity.
will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. only 4days left before competitions close.
i'm playing left 4 dead with my friends gilbert and louie  its so fun  happy mothers day to all your moms! )
waiting around for boyfriend. then off to queens. ... looks like it's going to pour here in dt bklyn. umbrellaless
_benson you are an absolute legend! love love love it
i just lost a fight against  on tweefight. i lost  please revenge me! try now [URL]
castiel is loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
(bullhorn] tell ur friends 2 follow me  come onnnnnnnnnnnn ppl
going to see my grandad today  <3
i knowwww.. i cant deal. this 9-5 life is not for me
feel crappy today
has made up her mind.....
_pina_14  not good!!he wouldnt like his girl flirting with his colleagues,would he?
just woke up, having coffee, listening to music, reading rss...sunday feels great
my mom wants to lay. we'll be there later. probably a little after 10. and  i'm sorry you're sick
yeah i hate that too!!!! sorry ur goin thru that
doggone it! i only got an hour nap in  i really want some ponderosa chicken wings!
_mc string out the dress.. work that into a track please!!! what do u have coming up?? i'm ur biggest fan
thankyou very much, you rock!
i couldnt come to see you in southend on the 2nd as i couldnt get the tickets :[ ill have to come see you when you solo tour
what dey do homie? i wish it would stop raining already!! plus my vacay is almost over
working on the climb season 2 episode 5!!
fo shizzle. . . i'm bored and wanna go do something.  wish i went to pisay today. oh wellz. wonder who were there.
binstruct suffers from an update of the mib package... and the developer of that package is on holidays
i also think that i'm talking to myself now. okay i need to get to bed. btw, i miss my brothers.
the link doesn't work
good day, ya'll! happy mom's day!
im officially done with school til fall.
it didn't start as a long message ... it just got longer when i wrote it
_warwounds_c i feel ya pain, i've got myself a nasty cold too. get better soon
almost lunch time
aww such a cutie
thanks for the follow, doug. i like that hat
happy mother's day ~ and for single dads who plays both mom and dad role enjoy your day too
i had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun
i don't want to  !!!! i am going to cry all the way home!!!
is going out for dinner... just the two of us... niceeeee
hairdye patch test has just smeared all over my white duvet cover  **** ****. <3
so how is the most wonderful mommy in the world doing?
wow it's definitely friday- the gym is completely empty! what to do? i'd like to play the wii but i guess i'll vacuum
so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go
dana just found out she doesn't get to take lunch now, but rather in an hour. hello delivery.  [URL]
oww. can't even describe how much my back hurts. going to have to go to the stupid doctor.
wow... my god the whole ui is sooo much snappier. it's more responsive than tweetdeck now!  tweets feel like ims lol
ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today
eh they shut the freeway down! omw to a job interview so i guess i'm gonna be late
that couldn't be more true! i like ur momma's style!
great. now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. this sure has a lotta precip with it.
morning darlin'  hope you're feelin' tip-top  ? [URL]
guys, nothing is free in life. where is my shidduch money?
[URL] - ohhh, how lovely! i'm glad that you had a great time there.
i don't think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy
thanks! carry on the craziness again!!!
good luck with your auction
watching the cavs!!!!!
some guy just said he wanted to spank me
me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night, pshh
time to do some revision while listening to  albums non-stop all day, again!
hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you? (if u dnt mind me asking)
we'll see craig might just hog u guys! haha i work till 10 tonight anyways
you are 'spot on'...i wouldn't tweet without it!! thanks for your share tonight.
i wish i was in jonathon ross' audience right now
yeah, a few peeps. it should be a good day to catchup with everyone
yeah, ok, that'll probably happen too.
ohwwww  whatever i'm excited anyway.
_dang my phone is still broken.  just come over whenever.
i love cute texy messages. especially when he calls me mandy
_cordon morning  done a bit more. i do have 2 weeks to go, but am trying to get most of it done in advance. how's you?
haha! i remember that! that trip was fun. i miss miss miss miss miss chu
sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend
i ate a foot long from subway like an hour ago! omg! i'm happy and full. i hadn't ate since b-fast.  happy lis.
sorry your day was so bad   gettin the drink on, good plan!
thanks too
i love these clutches! i'm lusting after one in bright yellow
any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv & news coverage of cycling here anymore!
nite tweeple.  tomorrow will be day 25 at work.
oh no not difficult. it's just nuts that's how you have to market yourselves on home turf
we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!
ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the time.
good morning to another too late sleeper .  one of my excellent designers is valerie (see ) picture
twitter connected with facebook   [URL] & [URL]
tgif... this 'short' week has been wayyyyyy too long
yeah me too.
you're telling me.
has her mind abuzz re: advertising industry + standards : don't hate me because i like maths, ok?
lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --sloanster--
k its 3 slices left
as it is now, my body has already developed a mind of it's own but that mind refuses to co-operate with set schedules
i was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if i ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. i can't go back to sleep.
aww  cant wait to have you back in la! <333
exploring twitter's world! me 2
wondering why i'm awake at 7am,writing a new song,plotting my evil secret plots muahahaha...oh **** it,not secret anymore
i've lost my pocket knife  suggestions for replacing a ken onion chive?
all work, no play.
lol, you can see the sunburnnn    its not achurley that bad =| least i dont think it is xd [URL]
_writer aww no which one?
enjoying my coffee with this super delicious cookie
it was pretty cool. the kids *and* the adults had fun.
i gave a homeless lady named ruby an ice cream sandwich and a cigarette.  that is my g00d deed for the day. :p
yeah, and that's where everything becomes difficult and generalisations break down. not an easy problem  .
hates moving
happy #juddday, carrie
aku kbangun gara2 mimpi , very bad dream
been sick all week and still not feeling so well, can't go to lena's cook-out  gunna spend some time with the fam!
i am up and feeling pretty **** gud! i dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling
what to say?
_truong sunbae* my bad jst scratch wht i said  im talking nonsense here.. lol!!! enjoy the perfs
yep still a few seats left for pracc workshop w/  &  [URL]  see you there
hehe yeah! but too late hun
home! tonight was so much fun! goodnight twitterbugs!
is chatting with willy valdez about comics
pretty amazing weekend so far  but its bedtime ,, i'm exhausted ! mothers day tomorrow  nighty night
i think she'll pull through.
i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo.
i wanna go there, where you go. i wanna find out what you know..     david and mileyyyyyy! ??
greg pritchard should have got threw to the final of britains got talent
ahhhaaaaa is gunna get straight back on it!
thanks homskis! its like christmas!
ok... twitter i almost pass out because of you!! ****    :'(
awwww ray you're the best.  it means a lot to me that you say that! i can't wait to hang with you again, hopefully soon!
i like tweetie better, that is what i use all the time
hmmmm.... i wonder how she my number @-)
up already  nooooooo!
i agree.
feelin lonely now after spendin the last 50 hours with my friends
yeah next time
aww... my mom will appreciate it   much the same to your familias! when do you leave for tour?
chili night in minneapolis.  i refuse to turn the heat on in may!
george lopez, bed, mommys day tomorrow ;)  i wish house was on hugh laurie, is sexay. sometimes i like way older guys.
rain rain go away
spending a wonderful mothers day with brad, mom and dad.  happy mothers day to all moms
just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!
how was the ice cream?
i don't know you, but you made me lose
#happy stars wars day....me's a ja-ja binks ha  a crappy day outside though ah well makes me have a bit more motivation to revise
1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. i have a temp phone but my contacts aren't transfered yet. #sadpanda #fb
i'm on msn now
of course, the evil day job wants me to stay longer.  i need to win the lottery.
in a philosophical mood tonight, wandering round after dark does that for me
theres no such thing
awesomeness
back from a&e, very nice doctor diagnosed ligament damage, she felt i could still do my 5k run, but it might take me 10 days to heal
today is my last official day of uni! no more balancing uni work with music!!!! til october atleast
over-thought tying my shoe, couldn't figure it out for a while
just another manic monday.. wish it were sunday.. that's my fun day  happy monday twitterland
just downed 10 live abalone sashimi with 2 bottles of sake with father-in-law.  very happy
probably not a good idea, its hard to tweet on the web, i miss tweetdeck!  *cry*
i am braid free  i miss thee ... blond here i come!!
almost 100 cases of swine in australia. hope may still decides to come visits me
chica! two more days!  i want the us elle too.
rap battling at second sat, now at the moviesss  haha 'i swim in a lake of sex'- matthew m. ( ghosts of girlfriends past)
remember to put your phone on silent! lol  night loveees
and i'm listening.
first weekend at home
jungle book, mary poppins, or bugs life - depending on if you want cartoon, live action or cgi
good morning tweeties! what to do today? i am all rested up from richmond and ready to hit the beach!
you must love sydney more  dont leave us sydney kids  ****
[URL] that's my baby
crashing from my wi high...missing mayfield
ugh. going to skool
bluedart takes a shipment all the way before figuring out 'no deliver' and then bring it back! databases anyone?
lol biking is manly
waking up at ungodly hours to go to work is starting to get old. at least the coffee is good
hi angela, can you check your email? i need one thing from you (sorry if it's your day off  )
as if i finsh work at eleven.. is that even allowd?  cauz i really dont want to.. lol
microsoft announced windows 7 release candidate. download available tomorrow
'now or never' makes me cry everytime  lol.
black russians makes me think of a 'white russian' and this movie quotation: 'that rug really tied the room together.'
had fun at wango tangooo!
once i hit christian in the head with a metal bat! haha he then socked me in the eye! haha i miss being a reckless little kid
shame on me!!!
[URL] nessa is 27# on maxim magazine's hot 100 of 2009
i guess it wasn't meant for me to change it
my parents wachting tv but it is terrible and there is nothing else  me so sad
am in the place called 0ut of now where!! take me out from here, somebody  [URL]
having dinner at the crown at south moreton with david and a stroppy teenager
did you get my text?
plenty of good trivia on wikihow. just trying to help  hope u got to sleep by now.
time to add some more rfid-ed object to send messages to twitter everytime i use them - 2 more coffee cups, armani code, pantone 109 mug
it's [URL] xo
oh plzzzzz u never had time for me!!!
with emma  going 2 see diversity today :o  x
i learnt something new today
only have 80  followers... so sad.
you said your getting mcflys live album 2morrow, whats it called?  ****
i saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. by the time i turned around she was gone... no picture
i need one too.
[URL]   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn't save them!
from g's to gents season 1
yep!!
after a great day at work with the kids, disappointment with my roof decal
feeling extremally ill
my respect for travis clark has gone down 7.5 notches
twitter you suck
_rahal thing about living is that there are always undeveloped pictures in your future.
you know what it is to see people you love most in his country and could not get closer?
i have to be at work at 5 am  ... thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
just realized all his fantastic nerdfriends no longer live in rochester
it's like 20 bucks for 10 shots  what kind of camera do you have?
twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. well apart from the beer cause i'm on tablets!
it says lo's page doesnt exist
we'll get hitched when you get here.
tonight was fun. love my girl tanna!
i think the ups web site hates me now. still no brewing supply package.  held hostage at work by slow ups delivery
cant wait to leave work
so tired after work...but i have king's bounty add-on and a vampyre story for a evening  and x-men comixes is completely donloaded
can't wait 4 a real bed!  haha
goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the 'beyonce weeknd' coming soon.
you really are always dirty!!! ha ha!!!! do you have a **** addiction???
awww boo! i **** lovee doing all the girly thingss
chillin promoting muzik...not eating  lmaao
i guess i am too freaky for followers.
i feel like tweeting you for no reason. so um hiiiiii.
here's a big moan for dave leyrock... im up in 8hrs!  pity me! coloursfest ahoy xo
_ good morning - you're up early! feeling enthused to design your life?  thanks to manics for that phrase
yesssssssssss! a rocket to the moon is  going on warped!
just wake up.and i got flu  [URL]
burning my tongue on won ton soup
when the weather's... ugh, something like asthma. so, yeah, ventolin.
no its pre made jelly and its for me and bradie
is anyone else having problems following and unfollowing peeps? for me this has gone on for over a week!
i kind of miss a certain someone already.  and, i never get to see him again.
is needing to make a new video
hey peter, thanks for the follow. so many sydney pastors tweet!!! shame no bris pastors are on twitter; we're behind.
is planning her week, its going to good, going to get a lot of stuff done
yay! you finally get to have a trip away from home again! how exciting! you 2 going to shop a bit ?
home from sting..crunk (of course)..long **** day n nite..also, visited my boy rob v..all is good..happy mother's day!!..word to yo mutha
excited for enfest yaaaay
would love it but have plans
wants to cool down
is trying to buy a new bible...but they just aren't the same...why did my dogs have to chew it up?
#3wordsaftersex it never started...
kicking back at home
stayin over at dustins tonight... my car hates me!
(l) ice grande half-sweet french vanilla soy milk from starbucks means summaa's coming !!!
job hunting. yay.....
up, i slept in till 11.02 !!! shooting a new vid today
with sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes
is moving out of nesbitt.
i love you but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!
so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked
haha, not always, just a 2-day-trip, for a friend. but i've been here some times. that's why i know basic japanese
pride next weekend in long beach!!
oh no somebody hacked into my email  i'm scared now. what the ****!!
just watched terminator 2 and i cried, its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  im lame!
or even listen to susan's green policies
you always catch me away from my computer.  ?
i wasn't sore yesterday. but i'm definitely feeling those hills now! my legs hurt all the way up to my booty. its a good hurt
i want you all here with me too! ya'l shoulve gone with rm!
the only thing i know about star trek is the joke from tina fey's twitter, 'may the 4th be with you'
ack ~ of course i'm a person! but i think  knows that
i can give you the contact of the person who makes those cheesecakes!
when i decide to be on time for something, that devil is always there to counteract! frustrating but not discouraging...
i hate being sick. i miss   and
thank goodness for starbucks iced coffee...i was feeling so sluggish today, i think its this awful la weather
uh. finally home, but completely wiped.
i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work
trying to reorganize plans for tonight uggg  hopefully it will still be lots 'o fun!
grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same
i love it to.. but i knw there gna cut stuff out on tv
memorizing the first 18 lines of the general prologue of the canterbury tales. ughhh.
i hate working nights, cos i'm not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as i will be asleep
and, we have your fabulous interracial ****!  woot!
got a day of painting
yep 14 days whoop
_home yes - that would be perfect.  that was supposed to happen, last night, still dry.  usually happens as i a heading to appt.
yeah, i agree. it does.  btw, check out !linuxoutlaws. ;)
glad you got there safe & saw your daughter.  enjoy your time there!
probably one of the best surprises ever...you really are amazing
following  keep me updated for the latest dance scene event
it's a date!
> 'live q&a 24/7'... definitely the best part of twitter for me
i'm feeling so weak and tired from seating down in front of the pc. i really need to study for my ha long quiz.
no 10th  2 months=]
'look at the tadpole'... 'no! ... look at me!!!' ... foolish dog  [URL]
going 2 watch dogtown, hope it's not too sad!
i want tuna & salmon sashimi, b.c. rolls and dragon eye.
we were in lindos, and it absolutely ruled. will post some pictures somewhere, some time. back to work today
getting dizzy. going to have to lower my original raise. please don't think any less of me.
i couldnt respond cuz i maxed out
i gots the sniffles
it's under a honeymoon by the good life
i really should put up a pic, i guess.
cough drops taste gross...blaaaqhhh
i can't stream videos on my phone
yeahh, yeah its the hifi lol. grr dads being a pain, he said if i dont find anyone to go with i cant go :@
sunday is runday- outta bed and onto the road
dancing around and cleaning the house..... loving my sunday so far
[URL] - me again
why do i look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them?
i feel like i haven't talked to you in a really really long time.
cause i'm not hearing from you guys!!!
: get into terminal and kill -9 it.  which is really what force quit should do
at rocky cola diner in whittier tonight with teacher pal mr. b, we had a great time chatting but no one else came...
i spell my name alyson too! aly for short! we spell it the best
it's not the internal fuse either  poop. might have to get the spare out of the loft, although that might be a job for 2 people...
ok, son in bath, so gonna see if i can find some quick quotes.  gonna miss ya'll this weekend. i'm already gettin sad
*waves to make it all ok again*
pleased to hear it, but still i am shamed sometimes to hear what some men do
mmm... hot chocolate, ugboots and topgear... life is good.
ohh poor girl  i'll email her... i am relying on you being here in october mr!!
a friend uses logic and i must admit i did like it...but i don't have a mac
oh no! i just crashed my ball pump
thanks for pointing out the crucial problems . both of them have been taken care of  (cc: )
- overwhelming lead for strawberry lemonade!!  my husband voted for banana fosters tho.
omfg my favourite jerk chicken place closed
omgoodness back to school soon fun!
lol! yeah, well, same applies to the grocery store.
grats to aaron and christine
lol i love my macbook too. oh and my imac. can't decide which i love more. ok 24' imac trumps 13' macbook
no 1 evr brngs me a starbux!   *~corieography~*
is stuck in traffic
i want to go to vp, but no one is willing to come with me.
i like your hr shirts. they're inspiring me to think of witty/rude hr-like sayings i'd never actually wear.
it's too beautiful to stay inside
got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and cannot waste my parents money.  nt fair.
getting my self a nice cup of tea and turn on some music
err, i get that  now, with the timthumb, what's with the url?
oh **** ... placebo tix and tori amos both go on sale at 9am. anticipating hot cake distribution of both.
still has half a math worksheet, science wb pages + worksheet, and english to go! feels a sniffle and dry eyes coming along too.
_kay planted in the garden last week, ive got to check on it
i saw your tweet a couple of weeks ago that had that hashtag, so wanted to contribute since i am a huge mitch fan
that's ok then....  i accept the slave role...  your wish is my command...  hahaha
im so tired  &i miss dionee already.
an expense i could do without at the moment
why are plane tickets so expensive
unfortunately i choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!
he needs to go back to his scotty. that is what he was using when he won last year
i don't want to apply for jobs!!!
haha no chance, i tweet rubbish back!
just woke up..busy busy busy 2day...bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake, bleach hair again & see my boo
i can't really say much because none of it is set in stone.. but i'm planning a charity concert for cystic fibrosis
had a life changing redhead - she got away
i have major cramples!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whaaaaaaaaaat?!  thas hot b!    super nice!
hey y'all, we are waiting for final edits on our cover of 'sombody's baby.'  can't wait for some input
too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub?
6:29 pm - ok, let's go now through #bowman #strategicclock but first.. a break :-0 aargh.. tired
saw a costa in st pancras, but didnt have much time to have a drink over there. next time, i'll try
grrrr....i got the wrong size coat for the sheep
_mcflyy finaly my chance has came. . to kill you mwahaha! ha. not cool. .  ha  ****
ohhh my bad! yes him  heh heh
totally unsurprised that dave isn't coming back to 10. but annalisa is wrong for it, opposite of big warm mellow dave.
need a nap  but i have to take 4 trains now
just got back in, and i'm absolutely exhausted, have to be up in 5 hours for work
*pen jam cleared* click!
i know!!!! its all stormy outside.. and my hair looks cute today..  hahah
ahh okay makes sense to start the preparations now then
then your gaaay!
juss dropped the wife off i love her so
early monday,great  rainy monday,not so great :|
wonders when all of these end... hay...  [URL]
[URL] - oh it's so beautiful! i'm happy you had a great time! heartz
better then her getting mad and using the floor
iphone is doing that 'not opening downloaded apps' thing and i forgot my cord at home
didn't get to go wakeboarding  but i'll be good cause i'm having a lush night!
that made me laugh.  sorry grets, but you are not going to the pool room.
gooooooood night, cant believe tomoroo is cancelled!  but still gonna be a giid night, gni cant beat them!
feeling down again. today is way too stressful.
gah! no money..... at least not for bakugan
yeah we actually went in the room they were at. i just didn't look under the counter where they were
happy monday!  lots of little things to do today!  tried to water plants out front very early in jammies! got caught by two neighbors!!
take me away
,:mother, happy mother's day.... and to all mom's there......  god bless yhaw all... ?
thinking lots of revision tomorrow  woo, hope it a sunny one.
i'll go to the movies with you
i will post it later. its not on my comp
awww wish i was there! have a brew for me b!
ntah, i really wanna be there
is starting to love twitter!!! facebook-detox diet is working great
omg...the heater in my room has been on all day while i was at school & now it's boiling
i love chicago.   tonight was amazing!!
gimme some ! i wanna try it   (soulja boy tell 'em live live > [URL]
you're welcome, of course!
may the 4th be with you too
wow...you leave facebook alone for the weekend and get 60 new notifications. whew!
ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr.
not even better than kapsel cha  dy nulis notes? spertinya gw ga ditag cuz g ada notificationnya... huhu.
its like that with the goo goo dolls for me. then i heard 'iris' and absolutely loved it
getting ready to go study outside while having some fun in such a nice sunny day.
so has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? if they plan on keeping it around, i will not be drinking it!
ashley= getting sick... ugh i'm losing my voice! nooo
i dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt
woke up from napping  finally got the sleep i needed
ugh.. fricken internet is down. can do like 0 work without it. i want back in college just for the connection
heading south on i-95.  jacked mess around sr 234
i wud do but im at work   srry ****
i just got my leavers do dress!!!!
i feel that!! esp when you know u aint done the wrong  <3 u!
im home, phone died thou
can't believe i'm spending my lunch break inside @ my desk
are you having any problems sending images from twitterberry  mine just doesn't want to work ! ****
my new design portfolio is finally online: [URL] - still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now,
i don't mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tune, but those who just whistle nothing drive me crazy!
this world makes me sad
sure ill follow you hun  ohh thank you are you a subscriber on my youtube?
i think that plus everyone wants to see if the d-train could keep it going - obviously not.  hopefully he'll bounce back.
mmm, athletic!!
missing everyone
playing monopoly jr. with the lil one.. cheating isn't as much fun when the other person has absolutely no idea
im gonna fail this test miserably in history
never expected to hear beastie boys in a star trek movie... was a super great flick though. *pew peww* -- (phasers)
this website gave me a virus! when i opened it more windows kept popping up
was being sarcy as usual
i skip school way too often  i'm rather proud actually.
lol liking your style alice tell him you've got standards to maintain lol, it's national cork girls go wild in london week
why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?
i love this day  no school --> studyin' quietly
i got paint in my hair
hello there hope your over your flu now
home. should be in the bed, but i'm just super duper excited about tomorrow.
haciendo mi primer app con thin + rack + some crazy stuff...
but now my feet really hurt...
sooooo, i just dropped my phone.  don't text or tweet me, i'm currently banging my face against a spike covered poison ivy infested wall.
nobody loves me on twitter
@_finn_ except i dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  at least it wasn't the screen.
enough for today, good night all
spent all morning watching eddie izzard's glorious! so funny... realli shud hav studied thou...
lmao, when i was camping, the water in the shower was well water and just smelt nasty
switch to something else then
just got back from mcfly concert ahh it was so amazing! and i am now in love with david archuleta
getttin ready.
i dont think you can vote anymore! i tried
why bother  at celebs? eh? cause it's almost like talking to them
don't panic! hehe, it will be fine. email it to me
iiight thanks.
constructivist learning theory - anybody? oh wait..... there's always wikipedia right?!
the most epic weekend i've had in atleast a year. night cap with _matthes and . 2 hours of sleep in 3 days! goodnight
yes  lol
but can you breathe ok?
hey babe follow me,love u on da show
i'm inclined to think it's stupid.
good morning!!!! yes is 5:57am
there is a baby cardinal fallen out of its nest. i dont want to get attacked by the mom bird but i dont want the dog to get the bird
i heard from  &  you're away. i miss you too  look forward to tweeting with you when you return.
kmf going smoothly so far. free stuff is always a plus.
i was hoping i could just drop them into ~/.vim so both vim and macvim could share them
oh no, but that means that you won't be able to get pwned by my shottie this weekend
we don't really offer that service as we're web/graphic designers and not desktop publishers. so, i thought maybe you could help?
sunny day!  going down to stonehenge with my parents...
at my rehearsal...gonna miss the game  please keep me updated! go nuggets!
_west one day the hubs and i will take one of those. there's actually a missions cruise that we want to go on. it has music too.
happy mothers day! allergies are ****. oh and i hope miller has a better day too
thats a bummer i haven't got one yet :/ been waiting over a year  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
just because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that !
watching hgtv at 236am lol wtf must love me some home decor
in bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties, yay  playing with the new camera - could i be an amazing photographer?
yeah that will keep my mid section down
for me everything ok except install crashed at the end and now safari crashes at every cmd+q
omg i had that book its soo funny
morning! are u back in blighty bill? hope u had a lovely time away
passing out  early  after the  river sounds amazing. to my cozy bed  with my cozy dogs
heyy  watching the simpson  with shezza and paula
hi add me.  it's shannen
your right. im so jealous i wish i had gangsterrrr pants like your grandma
hey twitter! i'm back online!
lupo's is a bit far for you methinks, luv. they're an hour out of my way in providence. i love providence.
happened to me the other day.  was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest.
never touched a drop, me!
is a college graduate
ah  hate it when that happens! the race to erase ms is this week. are you going?
it was crazy all day today and i have a feeling it's going to be that way tomorrow, too.  enjoy your couple of days off though
pretty tired after a nice full day.
happy star wars day  im going to make some pasta get showered and dressed and then watch some films. i like days off. i have 3 days off
_suprnatural  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham
has gone through about 6 tea bags , call me obbsessed , i say thirsty
_molecule where is sackiroth
it's too perfect outside to be at work
feeling like **** today. hopefully a nice relaxing swim will do the trick
this is great!  i just found out that it's star wars day.       'may the 4th' be with you!  have you hugged your ewok today?
wah, why are you sad?
has been a long day - matinee and evening show. will be sad tomorrow: last ever welsh college show
thanks  this one will be a hit.  has been a patron since 2001
*[ it's time for tscc!  ]
back in athens! had great time in budapest
whole earth festival
check out this funny movie  [URL]
so lost  on my owm tryinh to find matter in the o2
well us brits have to wait a few more days for it!  i thought it was all gonna released at once! i guess it's worth the wait!
happy mothers dayy
got tickets to go with dad and his girlfriend to see eric clapton, steve winwood, and the arc angels on june 24th @ toyota center! woo!
beautiful morning here in the mountains
i just broke a bottle, i should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs
whoa man, now that was a great one. i went to heaven for 5 seconds. u know why lah but pls shhh. lol. so sorry u weren't there!
my car is in the car hospital for the nxt 7 days  i gotta go pick up a loaner car b4 6! bein without wheels 4 7day will set me back heavy!
ouuhh dont cry  i feel so sad right now
i had to find out via twitter
snotty nose  poorly chest! this is not good!
john john and i just switched the meaning of pimp to someone who still pwns at halo when they're wasted  hahahaha another amazing night
[URL]  jon 4 lakers video blackberry
all the photos  niceeeee
g'morning twitter world   a relaxing family sunday methinks
i just got mine, but it wouldnt let me call you
why you never answer me...
sunny, i'm a workin' on it. it's very much in progress! will let you know when it's up
[URL] - and a few more
on the bus to nyc   [URL]
we're gonna miss you. dont worry, there will be more for sure!
home from work today.....son is sick
_n_booklife i heard about that too... that seems an overreaction...
a chilled day  party tomorrow.
yes i am and i was ready to go when i got here. ugh  and its sooo pretty outside..
ryan stiles is still the funniest man ever. got some great news and some not great news tonight. so happy i could burst
too bad i'm @ work  ...
you can explore the site 2 and find cool stuff
annoyed
_girl ooc sorry we keep missing each other...
and u are doing brilliantly sweetie!!!   blessings and joy to you!!!
is now back at the school working on the bach.project
or least for the firmware upgrade. just buying some time until i get my tax return really
this weekends abouttttto suck
i don't mind sam. but i liked kate more.  i don't like chris. he's smarmy.
thanks for the gifford lectures page
btw i still can't believe how awesome the newjabbakidz performance was...u in the masks..i screamed at my pc
_chapman #whuffaoke is the same night as  at gillette stadium!
madly in love with the row..wishing i had money
babysitting. text me and keep me company
i miss u ceddy
happy mother's day to all the mothers
i've never seen any of the x men films but they are supposed to be good so i thought, why not?
_w thank you..
i got my copy yesterday, too, although right now i'm digging into scala, so can't read it just yet...
good for you! i don't think i'll be joining later. i'm hyper as hell, though. whee!
just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday
this wraps it up. well, again a lesson that you shouldn't take **** photos of yourself when you're famous. or maybe you really should!
twitter,facebook,myspace...no phone still
wanted to take a photo of the storm, but misplaced my camera!
indeed. have a nice week!
im at home....on a friday night.  but it's all good!
you've made me look at old pictures of my cats.  i want them to be kitties again
i know! i can barely believe it's almost over! thanks for the review, lovely!
well it's after 6 and i didn't get a call back  oh well
i don't know what my mom gave me to clean my macbook with but it is so white now. it was tinted grayish blue from my black desk.
just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money.
just got sold out from up
don't count on it
playing some games before i leave for work   work til at least 11pm tonight.
great. so you're saying *i'm* old, being 28 and all??
am good thanks, what's miami saying? how come u wrote to me?
can't.  wish i was sleeping. gotta be at work in less than 4 hours... wait, what're u doing up???!
have fun on flashy fed hill..im sure you're imported cheeto eating **** will fit in lol
looks like rain again  oh well, it will give me a chance to work on a new crochet pattern i have in the works.
it's the weekend, its sunny..... and i got another puncture!!!
my 2 favorite things. fuzzball and swine flu  [URL]
what are you reading?
**** you rhinitis! boohooo my poor nose
3rd day of pain
sweet deal! i so want to see that movie! methinks we may have to do a star trek movie night some time, hmm?
hahahaha omg you win the internetz today!  'why are you trying to turn me into zac efron?' hahaha
_music aah i stopped getting your updates on my home page!!  saddd..im guna re-follow you ..it worked with tswift
darn! now we have to go through the whole weekend without em'
is having headache and colds...
hungry, but don't have an appetite
this 'monarchy' is gonna bleed all of us dry! we are nothing more than slaves to the pigs in d.c. i don't reconize my country anymore!
a lovely weekend away at kits coty, now relaxed and well rested and ready for the week ahead.  back on nnc in two weeks
i had 2 hoes .. now i have none
ok getting the pink stripey one it's the most subtle i'm a bit bored of the floral print! ok?
hey, babee. ) love yoooouuu. >< rp time.
uft im tutoring the lil sis  shes so cute, even though shes an eighth grader :p
wow thats impressive! luckily im not in rush but i feel for friends who aren't getting any younger but cant move house  tricky
sitting by myself. everyone took the good seats.
_paulevans heyyyyy boo
is going to drink a mojito and lay down to watch movies with my hubby. goodnight fellow tweeters
maybe you need to start a 'wholey created by evolution' or 'wholely composed of matter' flickr group
- crazy fun! you make that man be nice!  sri lanka is a spiritual place, yes?
happy mother's day to all mothers out there
and figuring out how to watch middlesbrough games next year, after the dreaded drop.
is jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies
maxin' and relaxin', almost bed time
this is why i got best dressed
in the university with hungry!!
kids out for summer/ pool has been taken over/ no more tanning girls  #haiku #yayschoolisout #sarcasm
haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
happiness is like peeing your pants...nobody can see it but only you can feel it's warm sensation
sooo tired, i wish i had time for a nap before work
i dont get twitter  someone help me!
i know u r!  i wont be there til the 6pm service..will u be there?
top 20 ways to go green! [URL] - this is pretty helpful, and kinda cool actually
it's raining!
not at my workplace.   but a short-sleeved shirt is absolutely necessary today!
cant sleeeeep & i miss my long hairrr
i want some....lol  i got the coffee ha ha
finally upgraded to spotify premium - exceeded my threshold of awesomeness some time ago. now where's the iphone app & remote ?
you should retweet others good tweets at least 10 a day to get involved into things at twitter
and the sun is back up again.  could we have more of the kind of weather we had last january and february? i like jackets.
recogns he could get his assignments out of the way by june  bring it on
better get some sleep soon. she has to get up and go to sunday meetin' so she can pass out invites to her jewelery party.
congratulation  about the icehockey victory against switzerland..
you can go to www.twitpic.com and log in with your twitter details to add pics
hey!  not much, you?
stayn @ home from school. sick. doc says i have bronchitis
yummmm make sure u leave some 4 me im home cleaning up working mad hard
says i love you mom  [URL]
download iemoticons from the appstore. 0,79ï¿½. but cool
relaxing
hi kendra whats up? follow me
relaxing night at home with best people
anyone having twitter issues? it's eating my tweets.
i know, i was on the list, but had to miss out b/c of conflicting plans  how did it go?
work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
it is! wish there was one in our area.
back at work  its too warm to be in here today!!!
now there's a question for 140 characters   one of history's great unanswered what if's, i would say
ok, i'm actually going to sleep now =] i've been on here only an hour...i tweet far too much already
thanks for following!  pretty complicated id you have there lol
ur taking tease lessons from the guys! no fair   lol, oh well, we'll wait as patiently as we can!
i miss you too
going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
going to bed soon
wow i feel like ish  and i really feel bad because those ignorent aholes wont overturn prop 8
_prototype09 no where i'm working for a bit up here
this is going to be a great and productive week - i can just feel it!!!  positive thinking is the key
#firefly weekend on scifi channel  i'm a happy man
worried about our arabelle. tweet please. or text.
hmm...your blog won't let me post a comment.
im backkkk!!!!!!!! hungry as hell, havent ate today
feel so depressed that i couldn't save it... thanks for nothing!
#steel toe boots - good to hear that you're comfy. hopefully they are kodiak or terra brand
yeah i work 7 days
i used to row in high school and just found out there is a rowing club ten minutes away from me so i thought i should sign up
tom, get ready, here in porto alegre is really cold
- haha you do that mate  btw have you seen a film called american history x starring edward norton
more coffee
you've go mail
my monday starts on friday  but @ least i only work 4 days a week (long days)
next time? i might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it
good morning hun! i loved the movie what happens in vegas~ it is such a good movie
i sure do wish my mind could enter that box called 'nothing' that men have.  my brain just won't go there... and it's exhausting.
sorry we couldn't get the projector working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of people came up afterwards and saw it live
back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf
thank you for the rec but that doesn't work
long day at office again. tiring week
i'm sorry, andrew. i wish there was something i could do...
you're going to the uk?! take me with!
i'm really excited that i'm a queen bee on the power mom 50 list  i feel really really honored. #nielsenpowermoms
was in palawan a couple of days ago, i'll try to post pictures tom.
clive it's my birthday pat me  [URL]
no new episodes for hitman reborn yet
yay! you're on twitter!
mucking about on guitar rig 3. the demo, that is
goood
hmmm.... my whole body feels sore!
wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho
i get motivated by the fact that i know i'll wake up and be more productive if i go, then if i sleep in, just me though
you needed to watch the white house correspondent's dinner. that would have cheered you up!
_ i'm so tired i think imma go to bed
no shoes for me.
i'm with you there - filing is so much less fun than sorting cos you still have to look at it & hunt down details
i will cry!!!!!!!!    i can't believe that i lost the chat!!!
we're not gonna be able to talk again
cool. cant wait for dustbin baby
17 again was actually quite good considering...off to bed now. long day tomorrow. june 12th...please come soon (but not too soon)
hapee mother's day t all the mothers out there!
gasp] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry
congrats on your bike ride today.. very impressive indeed.. ya might be doing' the 'tour de france' some day
haha. okay.  have fun with that. haha.
today was eventful...
ohh **** i just realized she still not talking to me  it b like dat some times..
can't wait to get his hands on his new blackberry, this one is dying on me
14 hours later, i am still too drunk to drive... for shame on me for letting myself drink that much. i am not in peak spirits right now.
i know i really wanna do some more stuff im out of school in the next week so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up
my little booboo is sick
happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
you can't please everybody.  [URL]
omg i just woke up after only sleeping for 3hrs, and my arm is just aching... it hurts so bad
wow. hehehe. mushy-mushy mode.
eh.. it's cold
hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop.... hope ur lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
thanks, it's just too good for tv, simple as that.  #dollhouse
class color day tomorrow! last time!  i have a lot to remember for tomorrow but i bet i'll forget -_-
good
your post reminded me to sit something out. looks like steak for dinner
sturday night live
i wov you
it smells badly of garlic
ok i believe you.but i have a belly button.lol
wow thanks a lot!  i can't believe i didn't think of that. xd
no wayyy, that's too funny.  well he sure is missing out, but ever since you left, i feel i am too  when is your next visit?
aaaaarrrrggghhh! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in
looks same in noida too
daisy just got attacked by another doggie in the park
: well that is just completely lame. i'm sorry dude.
we watched that one day in the middle of playing-- it really doesn't hold up
_charlotte we should! there will be another thrown i'm sure but this one will be with my american family
im sorry. i dont wanna cuz of how u act. u just turn right around and ignore me and all that
_lantos jeff can't forcast tonight.  he says saturday he's good at 8:30 your time. if,you knowï¿½ you don't have a life on saturdays.
just found out i want be able to go see my daddy tomorrow before he leaves because ty has an activity tomorrow morning, that sucks
wut itell u yesterday lol
waiting at the car wash to see what they say about amara.
got 34/40 for exam 1... percentage doesnt look good.
i think i have mine in hangers in the closet
_carter it says the video is private
i think i been followin u 4 bout a week so yea kinda
just wanted to point out that on youtube, you have more subscribers than tom felton. thought that might make you happy.
my guys call me ''bartâ ofâ theâ criticalâ questions''. i'm guessing that's a good thing.  #zeropoint.it
i missed match game tonight    i hope i make it tomorrow night.
guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. i'm so sad i miss my friends
fall asleep on me again  but i know how it feels now lol. drag me to hell tonight! quite excited
~ happy star wars day.every one ~  ...may the fourth be with you!
can't i mix and match  dumb drive in!
heading to the hospital to sort out my back, not looking forward to this
i feel u  but its sooo close to me hard not to  but i cant so no point ugh
love it when jonas brothers are in the trending topics. maybe taylors turn next
cant wait && cant wait to see the 3d concert experience (i live in the uk) the was the trailer at the cinema yesterday.
so i feel like **** for saying happy belated birfdayy.. i'm only a month late
noboby's behind. i think i lead with $14,8 so far
weekend was quiet, just planning new websites. today, research and choosing hats. coffee hat sounds good though. kettle on
aww hope uve hada good day  xxxxx
i want a new lappy
have a great day..... if the rain keeps up i may go swimming instead of dining here
haha dont we ever do that before  many times
is really really ready!
i can't vote for you  they have stopped the voting
watching jonas
same thing happens to me all the time
in about 30 minutes happy mothers day to alll the amazing moms out there!!!  going to bed!!
aw you named your car, that's very sweet. i'm sorry to hear that petey has to go, i hope you find a really posh rollerskate.
goodnight and good bye to all of you, hope you have the best of dreams
hi bunny! i recently have subcribed to your channel on youtube! you make some great stuff. kinda just wanted to say hi!
installing a new hard drive! gotta redo everything though
twitter is officially the best way to advertise something.
unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip without telling me
just saw a land rover pull into the school parking lot and thought it was spencer
raining in calicut.
commercial shoot in tokyo. not much time to play there   quick and dirty
sims 3 wouldn't work on my old macbook  hope to get sims 2 by tomorrow.
_en  we're waiting you here in belgrade!! can't wait!!
when i check google analytics i can always get to google.com/**** before safari's auto-fill kicks in. makes me laugh
happy mother's day mom! i love you!
looks like no diamond ball for me
hmmm, i just realized....i didn't have any bday cake for my birthday...boo hoo!
at least she doesnt try to violently hump you like my (female) dog does
early lunch then getting all dressed up for amy's confirmation
interview! 177 views! 22 away from 200!! thanx for reading ppl!!  [URL] #mattmccoy
you might have missed my latest experiment - i know blogs have too many words these days  [URL]
ugh worried about my math test
on no bsg might just have made me cry
planning for mothers day special for my beloved mother
greeting you all a happy mother's day!
gotta love nasty weatherrrrr.  so jealous ur at knotts
i fall asleep and didnt get to see the jonas brothers web cast  ... still tierd
haha.. good for you
would like some nutella. none to be had
i don't think i'm very well. just in time for the weekend
awwww  i'll be waiting then, hope it doesn't rain
my leg broke, now i am waiting untile i can go again
_cali good morning
awww  you'll be fine...
i really should stop relying on my family when they say their going to get me lunch
just finished first workout on jillian michaels 30day making the cut program!  feeling great  hopefully the eating will be just as good
no, seriously you guys, i /wanted/ to kick monday off with #starwarswithaddedpants spam.  really
just got back from carlton in greenville.  benz is getting serviced.  time to make some money.    i think i'll make some sales calls...
_jean now that i think about it, when i get to the states, they'll probably still be touring, so they won't be there  dammit!
it wouldnt let me vote yesterday  but i made up for it today. i really hope u win cause everyone knows u deserve it =d
my parents sold my car.
hah yeah, its that bad, not gonna lie. :o have fun
pleasure  anytime
curses, firewall/proxy server restrictions!  it will have to wait until i get home
has ruth today
diesel yaris... 70mpg  so sad its not available in the us. that'd be awesome.
good morning miamiadc  my weekend was great and i just had my monday, which was also great  i hope you have a wonderful day!
when does it close? i didn't think it'd been running that long? i still haven't had chance to see it!
() oh snap
good night everyone  im going to lay in bed and watch eraser!
oh no zombiepix don't follow me anymore... need someone to cheer me up
is bored at home
why did i agree to work a double shift
there are # days of summervac & school comes along just 2 end it & the annual problem of r generation is finding a good way 2 spend it!!
oh please! i wanted to complete an unfinished tweet, and 5 tweets cropped up in between!  and now my tweet looks dorky.
my cable signal is all messed up!!! i'm missing ghostwhisperer  in other news i have hurt my toe and have a cold, in like hot weather!!!!
aww tessy wanna hug?
exams are kinda near. just a week more. 2 projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. may allah save me
scary lightning and thunder  i'm glad it's over now. going to sleep, i hope i'm not late to school tomorow again. haha
nice idea for a m-i-l gift. did you crochet it? good idea about looking online.  there are youtube videos showing lefty crochet.
good job!
**** m-audio ie-30s! i just remembered how much i <3 u & now the right earbud has ceased functioning  my shure's r 2 bright w/ lame bass.
no problemo!!! family guy is on there too
and so to london in a car that's about 500 degrees with no air con!
actually sos won't be here, vi will be accompanied by gliss and make me. the day after brandi carlile, busy month gigwise
okay i lied! i meant this time next week! that is sooo much longer!!  i miss my mommy...
if i were a transformer... i'd step on people just to hear them *squoosh*. but i'm not so i guess i'll just have a cup of coffee instead.
i know!  this season has just zoomed by!
thanks  glad you like it
what a lazy sunday... i love lazy days...
on our way to disneyland... without retsi
i had fun tonight! i'll leave you with this...brandi carlile will be in dallas today.  we should just sneak into the show!
the puppy shall loose his um... manly parts today  poor guy....
someone fly me to reno
more packing, cleaning, and getting **** done. last day in this apartment. this time tomorrow my **** will be in storage
has a tummy ache
yep, . sleep-fail. in another 7-8 hours, it'll be d&d-fail.
looking for new ideas for my blog
at work... what a miserable day
bgt!!!!!!! - will be gutted when it finishes tomorrow  - stavros flatley all the way!
less rain more sunshine
thanks for that!
are we going to be able to buy more than 1 ticket online through livenation tomorrow? cant make it to la
ahh. that sucks.
aaaah did you see prez obama holding hands with his wifey? soooo romantic even in white house.....
mcfonalds roulette i i lose. they forgot mygrilled snack wrap
noooooooo  i miss you sooooooo much, gaah
had an awesome pedicure today!!
next thing to do tomorrow morning: temperature check! it's gonna be a routine till swine flu dies. good night, everyone!
elena left this morning. nine months spent living with her and now it'll probably be about 2 years till i see her again. hmph.
so **** tired. didn't get home till 5:30. work at bjs at 12:15
no  tonight
is full from a nice dinner
where is the sunshine...the only thing i see are clouds...
scene **** at 4am is always the ****
went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever hp except the one i wanted to look at
i am sitting at work watching the clock.  it isn't moving fast enough.
first happy mothers day  second what is it that makes us think the way we do? why do we feel the way we feel? i dont know but i wish i did
liking my fake tan orange colour
so our bums really do look big it this
he's got adjusting his mate's online shop... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... boring...
: i saw us postal was hiring, but once i was done filling out the pre-application thingy it didn't show me jobs open in the area.
well u weren't around 2 twit
that's enough! i'll do nothing for 2 hours.
[URL] - iva!!!! i already miss yoo my sweet  ****
chowder is the ****!!!!!!
yep.
sorry mo. we thought that u have to work tomorrow  we go to the casino together too :?)
munch away, my dear watson, munch away
that's crazy why would anyone not follow you? your tweets are so much fun
thank you!  the best to you and yours tomorrow... i hope you all have a lovely day together!!
see you..... 08.08.09
ready to go to milan  see ya'll this evening..
hanging with amber.
awww, i hates it wen families are brokun up by humuns. maybee you see him agin wun day.
just came back home from ne gig, another fun night skankin...what a workout!
you're not kidding when you say you have to be fast, are you?  i was there like 5 seconds after your tweet: nothing.
going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do...
i want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  its 'long time noisy'
ooohhh  well you could always borrow and burn buddy. lol
surely you have guessed, the arbiter is no other than judith.
i have a friend who loves that spot. i want to go
yeahhh. &dont judge my pillow
haha i wish! i have a bfa in photography now.
too many cocktails last night, my head hurts
i need to get in a good, hard workout today after work, i feel like i've been slacking! no good
#bgt can't watch anymore
woah! 311 is really good!! the rain earlier was rather nice
awww cuuuute  newborns are so fun!
right, so richard marx's right here waiting is really making me feel nauseatingly sad.
yes! cold coffee from yesterday. no sugar, no cream !  the way i like it !
starving. and alyssa's mom would bring her subway.
thanks, still waiting... i don't know what's taking him so long - is it a bad sign or good sign?
had a shitload of fun with her friends
public bathrooms
everything i usually watch is pending!  [URL]
has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night, i don't remember it
forgot the montel quote  and it was a good one..
why am i still away at 4am? cos i don't have school tomorrow, that's why.
aw you're the ****  thanks so much for the twitter loveeee. i appreciate every last drop
i just spent 45 minutes at the book store. i only bought one book.
brother #3 is wandering around the house in his underwear. as charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests, i'm sure
super excited
dreading work tomorrow wish i had one more day off
not yet... sorry
lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs
kazim kazim  i didn't know that name )))
yesss, flash is being **** tonight!  it.........takes.................time...........to.........open...........a..........webpage......
yea, us 3 and max  poor trivun
im away from the comp....  ill be back later
_polanco hi i have uploaded 5 completely new chinese lessons on www.youtube.com/chineselearn please feel free to watch and enjoy
suivez moi  (=  follow me everybody
wow, been away 4 a while...stupid lap top is in the shop...still    hope everyone is well!
welcome, found her yesterday by accident.
what are you doing here? i thought you were back at work today!
missing my morning work out cause my bench press is back in jakarta  goodluck diga! test will be easy peasy! hehehe
#bgt  ooooh tooo weird for me
sitting at the chevy dealership in utah waiting for the van to be fixed
thanks    _twit01
is there going to be a new-brunswick, canada drive? lol i live far far away
167 sql queries to display one single deal page on ozbargain. looks like i'll have fun optimising it!  bad bad drupal...
i cnt get it!! its goin to ur old messages?!?  >>>> help?<<<<
my favorite curling iron broke
band practice
haha.. hey you should check out   love her/his tweets
and guess what ! ive got 20 % ! wow its impossible
upgraded
willie is pouting because grandma didn't put any treats on my food  [URL]
i love to jazzercise with mrs. underwood. i wish she was my chaperone.
well just left six flags. didn't get to ride what i wanted to. bummer.   maybe next time.
same as, it's bs i tell you! ah well, better attempt some
cold and rainy
yep, they sang your song!
happy mothers' day!
'i can givee you anything but lovee' - daniel schuhmacher
apparently you are not getting on anymore... sad
has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last friday of her twenties.
i have a headache. and i have nobody to keep me company.   _wants.to.be.a.kidd.again<3
wish i didn't have to work today.
it's not the 10.5% so much as the a)sugar and b)taste ... lord that'll put ya down, and not in the fun way
i really don't want to send it over this site....it's kinds private...
hanging with the cousin
i tried that pincode... and it says it is expired... you only just put it up.
can you believe it:tomorrow night will be jay leno's last episode of the tonight show  i encourage everyone to watch it and welcome conan.
what did someone do? and good morning
is george still mending the car ?
hhhhhhaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!! yo u hve me in tears!...its all  fault he said u cancelled so i thought....
my finger hurts cause its infected!
why does zero have to have thomas in it?
wonderful trip!  read all 4 twilight novels.  completely all consuming and engrossing.  kinda sad to be done.
yes, sir!   see here [URL]
_carter it says the video is private... and won't let me watch
can't, did i forget to say that?  hahaha   i wouldn't be able to get home.
don't know what the heck to do with the space of time between now and bgt    bored.
wellll...... only 2 that will feed me   the others were mainly shade loving native wildflowers.
aw i wish i was in ireland
i lost followers  was it something i said?  i swear i am not into freeballing.  ugg that is the last time i mention that thing.
ahh i'm so confused  what can i do? i don't wanna run away but can i really handle a real relationship? what is love anyways.. false hope!
so great to hear from u again today! u r the best! cannot wait to see u on the cruise!!! <3 cindy with the sign
in pillow heaven
lol at the vats on the insiders
kinda the same here, maybe just a **** good coffee? same dilemma, tho.
right, **** the whole twitter silence experiment. the last four days have been murder with the inability to mouth off
[URL] - hey! nice pic
my sidekick is awkward flashing. oh well. leaving my mommy out her flowers and stuff
yeah.
yes, you really should!
i am leaving soon for kansas city to take some of my stuff. only 8 days of living in carthage left.
searching for wavy hairstyle
no luck in goin to forum.. im about the only person on earth not goin out
im goodie. i feel like we are so disconnected
can't go to the movies today
awww poor little girl on britains got talent
thks 4 the follow, and  tweets, i returned the love
thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans .
lalalaland... why am i liking that song so much?! anyhoo.... grr i have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
sadly my corporate giant employer won't let me get to that site...
went to get dog from vets, theyve stitched her ear, charged us for it but she still bleeds like a waterfall everytime she moves. d: why!
happy mother's day mom. love you always
yes sir...i just acquired a master of arts in christian ministry-a loooooong journey completed today...so thankful!
poor bella is in the er with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. her screams were blood curdling!
lol i can imagine you doing that. ken said to let you know he agreed with a gazillion percent of what was being said.
off to work again ... mercedez's last day
lovely night of steve-o and family guy. off to bed.
yessir, yessir, three cheeks full.
_b bf @ gig in portland or.  that's not driving distance to come save me from burbank. i stuck atm.  working on plan b
what did you do?haha. just wash your feet and go to bed,mommas boy
another build failed! something is not right in the big scheme of things!
been meaning to email you for months. your pre-reunion party must be coming up soon. really wish i could be there. >140 char soon
went swimming with the fam for over 2 hours! we're a little toasty
excited to see the girls today;  its boring at work without you
majorspoilers.com has problems - cannot get the site working
it was ok. cute @ times.
feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk
nice .. i can't ever get that from my ex!
yep! it's just quarter til 4 now.  i'm going to try to sleep now that my headache is subsiding. take it easy teddy!
interesting. i type 'bike' i get 10 bike company followers. 'download' gets me 5 it companies. amused.  can you say 'keyword'?!
paving your own road is intelligent only if nobody has gone exactly where you are going, come follow me
[URL]  :: i got bit in the face by a doberman when i was four years old, i just wanted a kiss   my neighbor had about 13 ...
ugh! i have a knee injury too, except mine is just an infected cut that hurts like hell
_a_r_a i was wondering where you were, how come you didn't twitter for a week? and yeah adam withdrawal syndrome is real/not nice
sb 239k.  flop a q 9.  4 players check. turn 9. i check call 200 bet. river brick. i check call with trip 9's with k kick. he shows a9.
[URL]  via  thank you tiff
is wondering y mother nature is making my life miserable
i like  already  (new follower to join in midst of zombies mayhem)
_blogs congratulations lovely japanese children happy kodomo no hi
back,had a great mad monday meeting tomorrow
always good to see you - even in cyberspace
ouch, thats your achy back...so sorry ... i didnt mean to cause you pain
i neeeeeeeed music suggestions but no one will give them
one lane stop and go trafffffffic suckssss! almost to wwork thanks to **** miinnnesota roads
i tried to put a iron on , on my book bag and i burnt my bag with the iron lol.. buzz keep making fun of me  ... (****) lol
i have one fastsmallballbuster'y question. & i promise not to weirdherout w/the fact it may be on my visionboard
thanks for the thoughts... unfortunatly it didn't work out like we hoped... ah well. the paintings were beautiful.
the dog dug a hole in the backyard well iwas sleeping, now im grounded
- nice how the lifelock suit was brought by experian basically to reduce processing costs caused by ppl who don't want id theft
9 days  i'm about ready to visit torchwood and see if they've heard anything
my last tweet didn't send  bad phone
had the best wknd with her man and levi and sara love u guys
thanks!  unfortunately the eu had probs with his satellite provider, so even though his tv looks great, it's basically useless
hi simon, i'm new to this too - but just thought i'd tell you jimmy carr has tweeted that you make the star trek movie.
i'm torn, do i get an extended warranty for my iphone when mine runs out, or jailbreak? i've already got problems with battery & earpiece
need to go to work soonish but i really dont want to  also trying to save money... life is fab (not)
thai food with natalie. she loves this stuff. that makes me smile.
oops..too late.  already popped in bridges, since i missed most of it on tv.   (i <3 blair & jo too!)
when we got more followers we gonna have a competition.hope you all look forward !
i have an even dozen.  thanks for reminding me. i quilt 2 and make 3. lol
nothing
_b_ shes bad they won't sort her out and is in a lot of pain
just saw star trek. i am not a hardcore fan or anything but it was really good! get at it
just watched devil wears prada, and i want to live in new york city more than ever. why must i be so poor
have you been going to the trop for the last 5 years?  no more games for you!
looks like they dialed it in a lot...payed attention to all the small but important details in gameplay...still no blood tho
see u bye see u!  i love the hot30
borred what everyone doingn check out links on my profile
in children's hospital er hoping meredith does not have a broken elbow/arm
online! www.dujourmag.com/subscribe
morning all, finally got to stream media from pc to ps3 via wireless router, much easier than using a usb dongle, ah, techy simplicity.
yah! feeling better and had a beaut day - sophie razzing it at the skateboard park (at all of 3 yrs) and charli happy at school
i wish i was home in bed naked
wearing exactly the same clothes as i used to wear in canada, beanie (or touque) and all.  ahh brings back memories... i miss the snow
haha finally !!  hiii friend .
sus ate, i was so upset, i wasn't informed at all. turns out, they told sarms and they expected her to tell me. huff.
dude my butt itches  but i cant scratch it cause ppl r here
you know... time was, you could look at a web page's source code and figure out how it worked. now it takes a lot more effort.
[URL] - nice - i had tickets for tonight's game, but i'm staying home sick
lol how many stalkers today?you just love getting creepy stalkers
yayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!! but thats sp far away!
dang! of course, i'm just jealous 'cuz i didn't think of it first
hey , i bet you and your tweeps have lots of mother wisdom to share.
work is an evil ****. that doesn't let me check my text messages
lol i am blessed to have you in my life too 'mama'  sorry about your back pain. you should do some stretches.
woo hoo! my happiness score is 612. apparently i am over-the-top happy. considering the week i've had....
_autism but on the bright side you're on twitter! morning!
not all of them  you'll be missing mine and everybody else's on the east coast!!!!!
ohh i love green and purple.. and black!
haha neither am i. it doesn't matter though you guys do what you want
well then take your sexy **** to sleep then foo.  how as your weekend mami?
i'm off! well, home... i will see you soon!
o its feels like a hot box and no matter where i go in here it still feels like a hot box! ice cream isn't working n e more
i would rather end up heart broken then have regret because i didnt take a chance
i like the positivity  and no. you may not change your carrer. crazyb dog lady just isn't the same.... when's your maths test? x
cynthia and jenny are spamming my twitter! haha
i'm a celebrity tooooo!
- so.... yeah. i very much appreciate that.
i've experienced apathy over empathy in customer service situations too many times recently.
last week of class... well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
polyester, protester, quester, semester, sequester...hope this helps
: i'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences.
trying to decide what to do tonight. study chem or write the night away. the night's still young, perhaps i'll do both
_d  i'm really happy for u n leigh  thnx for sharing this happiness with us, this means the world to us all!  love ya! marta
is happy that tiff can't drop bio so she can suffer with me  nyayhahahah!
we want pictures as proof though
so.. finally finished setting up my  account. will switch from  during this week
new constructions poping up all over there now
i am hungry already. not impressed! and everybody has gone to rubys
you certainly can, and good morning to you
got my tattoo fixed today, and it didn't hurt to much, thank god  can't wait to get the next one. $$$.
yea i think i waited to long. oh well. thats cool. i should have signed up for more but i'm already done with core classes
wish you were on your way to tampa! fl girls are missing ya!
mmm wasabi coated peanuts! burns so good
was supposeddd to hang out with al but her mommy wont let her  now what to dooo? blah. hahaha
happy mother's day.. to all the mommiies owt theaa... & ii think ii got thaa hang of thiis thiing.. yay!!!
making my momma a happy mother day card <3 i love my mommy
i watched wayyyy too much beverly hills 90210 today and i am not proud of that fact.  tv fail
thanks for the info
happy birthday man! my ride to the wedding  i'll see you guys soon though. you play here july 27th!
hey david, i'm wondering if you received a letter that has a song in it? from malaysia? please reply  and have a nice day!
anyways have a severe headache ryt now! i jst love dis cup of tea i made me self!! its makin the headache go away
fell down the stairs at dancing, sword fell on me and now my bum hurts
walaikum assalam...  alhamdulillah... i'm in chicago the w'end of may 29th... are you there? would be nice to meat... duas!
oh, these are all from www.overheardinlondon.co.uk the others were from the new york version.
oh no, sorry to hear abt firefox crashing on you.
just woke up from a nap...
i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really have to finish?
good morning world! i feel really sick.
can't find any pictures  !!!
just got home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw its a music school.
ps it's rainging
look at all this feedback!  you should do it more often, seriously  the crazier the topic, the better.
why don't adobe realise no one wants to pay for photoshop et al so they should just give it to us for free
finally getting sleepy right when the sky brightens ... figures! g'nimorning
i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day, everyday during the summer.
use twitter, quit life
i <3 owl city.
i want a top that says ' www.bilko22.com '
has been underpaid  just when i really didn't need to be as well.
_schools haha funny cause i blame  and  for me not going to bed  its a vicious circle
is rotting away at her desk. would've been really down and out but thanks to yl, you made my day. you're the best support system - ever!
and i bought four ties  [URL]
trying to stay upbeat while i wait to get my keys out of my locked car
tom , today my school played pov at the break , and i almost cryed !  your show in sao paulo is today ! i wish i could be there!
fun at the water park then dinner at the rainforest cafe (all free!) then party tonight  pretty good saturday i think.
ouch, i'm sorry then
watching 'knowing' and lovin it
thanks! fotoreportage coming soon
thank you, you are my first follower
ishra!! haha, cassie ventura? ...not after her haircut! where were you yesterday during the beat music awards?
hmm, anyone else have their iphone's earphones' grey rubber disintegrating?
ugh.. my dad just told me to read an article about kavya shivashankar the spellin bee girl..and be more like her.
ugh going to town. i can never rest!  wants to go to tylers but who knows when i will get back. (exausted)
my twitter is on c r a c k
okay so i'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. its hard
_dude very nice. good night
that sounds foreboding...
man u know things get very interesting sometimes lolll....im just 2 **** good
4th may officially announced as 'bad luck day' ..
time to rinse out my conditoner
you know you love your mom when you stay up this late just to wrap her gifts (which look glorious) & hand-make a card.. happy mothers day
just finished her tennis match... lost tho  6-3, 1-6, 4-6
no room for me smh
wants to go swimming
hahaha well why would you smack me for that?!  hahaha the big banggg
hope you get better. i know you will have the best medical attention. if not let me know, i will be right over
_flores aww i don't! i guess that's why it doesnt  (blackberrymessenger)
oh yeah, lots of rambly goodness. lol you have mail.  bed? this is early for me. ;) probably why i'm an insomniac, huh?
wrestlefest was fun! now tune into www.latalkradio.com from 2-3 sunday and chat with me
woo hoo its friday!! ....wait.... i have to work at the cleaners tomorrow.
i hate the fact that i'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  i wish you were here (
i don't know enough about #sotomayor, but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  doesn't know what 3 branches do?
will be doing all the chores just for her mama
i would love to ride the superman right now...
truck has bit the dust, don't know if i'll make the mustangs game tomorrow
yeah, guess we gotta wait til sometime in june
so tired and i have to work till 10:30 tonight!    happy mothers day to everyone too  [URL]
in 8th grade yearbook: for narnia movie release blurb, pic of aslan and my skandar!
_carter [URL] - one road, where is the destination?
any chance at getting to see this?  i can be there within an hour
i wish i lived closer to the girls.  i'm tryna chill on a friday night!    ( next weekeeend! drink all day and night?!)
yeah, i posted it in the news blog yesterday.
_trainr thanks for the link.  it made me smile
**i hate my hair hiss tee, i feel like i shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style
i say business ive only sold 2....and its not rl money  ...but its got me back into photoshop again
is sipping oj in the sun in san pedro at la soberana again, with sunny smiley nita...  the garlic tomato paste is delicious! yummy!!!
i guess its bedtime. goodnight twitter.  my bed is so big and empty without him.
looool .. me 2 !! ana i will vote 7ag ele ye6le3ni taqa3od now
been working all day, finally relaxing!! i miss you
i'm going to town on these two dinner rolls and some dark chocolate  yummmm
greg pritchard was robbed of a place in the final of bgt... cry baby ****-face got through instead
_x little taylor? i feel sorry for the way she spells her name
also with the not driving part i could afford a laptop. also living with a roommate i would save even more
i lost mx way
chilling at the casa
heading home
sign up for tarte news [URL] my intro in the newsletter and 20% off first purchase 2for1
the portuguese national library could use it also. right now they seem to be in a ca. 1995 web. example [URL]
adventures with jamie and bethhh
going to body pump then yoga, then going to enjoy a lovely bbq with the family, loving the may day holiday
feels very ucky today... i need more defense vitamin water because i don't want to be sick no mores
and what did you do last night, i don't recall being invited
bought awesome shooeessss
just took the terminator trilogy :-d but what i need is actually tv series and i still can't find anything tempting
eatin nachos watchin the game.!  all i gotta say is lebron is a beast. ! do anybody feel me.?
is bored. can't even tease people now
aw how come ur up so early? love ur youtube vids btw
help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one
ordered mine, thank you!!
how sweet
coool. - weekend wasnï¿½t that great, eeeh. whattttever.  friday was better than i expected it to be, so i... [URL]
cool and aww
would have been better, imo, if it let you play through all 3 songs provided. i just start to 'get it' and it blacks out.
sooo tired of this cubicle
is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold
[URL] - jordan baby was talking to me!!!! i wish i coulda met you!! ugh
nooooothing to do tonight
if only i had half the drive you had!!!  you are my idol
that is exactly how i feel right now.
tegan and sara fan? follow them
doin the **** thing here at the crib..bout to watch star trek... yup
babysitting kids who won't let me play wii with them
we should all be down to earth. don't none of us walk on water  i'm just some **** nerd trying to find my way thru life lol
in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up
i think tania is too cute, too nice  i love her! <3
love story on loop for the past 30 minutes. i love this song.. it makes me happy, like this!
41 followers? random people, but okay!
my english is broken
good and you cup cake
i am glad to hear that you are ok. without you they would have to rename the show to  'just friends'
missed justin on snl! aghhh! just when i started to love him again, yes it's one of those weeks.
ohhhh excellent song..hello my friend!
i'm sleeping on the wooden couch tonight!
time to lie in bed and watch tv
- tweetie is using yfrog now, i think, so any chance of adding it to the in-client image viewing?
the $60,000 i spent going to college was well spent.  i'm going to meet a man tomorrow in the toys'r'us parking lot for a cleaning job.
had a thrilling time with das joyride roadtrip! nice driving pai and paulo.  [URL]
omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
batman: arkham asylum, but i don't own a system that will play it, sadness
thank you
: dougie, it's coffee. there's no 'i' on coffee. hahaha and your name comes up as predicted text. pretty awesome
ughhh seriously hung over
my littelist fish, udon, is dearly departed
_shields06 good job!  i wish i worked in a zoo
of back off other peoples he can only have one stalker
i need some drank & 'grape kontakt' from my girlies  lol soooo serious!
i was sad to hear they shaved too  i really liked the beards. i feel like i'm in the minority.
roasting to most probably death
oh great.
yeah. no vomiting tonight, bit sniffly but ok.  bens trying to get him to sleep right now.
awesome, i'm looking at sourcing some as well.
how would i know if u didn't tell me??? too busy cakin to pay me any attention
link won't open, but i will try it when i have a better connection tomorrow. i'm curious now
mode: home office
oh oh oh are you offering to send ducks!  i love love love confit duck
off to glue stuff onto poster
beautiful day..takn it down twitters  tell all mothers happy mothers day
likewise. however, what was the comment about originally?
wished didnt spend money last night
yo wake your **** up  and go to work  go get that paper  u aint sick dont lie
good night.  sorry i missed you during our morning window.  see you at 5, i suspect.
such a beautiful morning
whats with u hating on becky soo much? ur bio says ur nice....guess not
90210 9pm  i laaaaaaaaave it.
nooo...i forgot my calculator for physics   oh well class is allmost over :3
whats twhirl? i've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so i'm probably going to miss it red, sorry
shower head broke while i was in the shower and shot straight @ my head.may get a welt later on from it
i left that for people to complete
going out to see star trek   be back in a while
arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it out! :/
i love you, though!
very long by the sounds of things... but deadlines are deadlines...
tgif... hubby dragged me out to buy car parts. i am tired n cranky
today is my first real mothers day with my son actually here  he wasn't born yet last year , can't wait to hug him when i get home
happy mother's day
i wonder how effective these street preachers are....   [URL]
wondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere
since obviously living in alaska, only a few radio stations we get here.
its getting really windy out there
dh at work, dd7 at party. seriously thinking of treating ds9 and myself to sushi lunch - after all, it is mother's day here!
psh... i'm not cool enough to go to their open-houses.
no i haven't made my page yet.  had to work
at the dentist for hopes first check up. lets she how she handles a dentist.
i dont believe in my eyes or should i say on my browser? omg omg omg
a whole season behind the us now
it's 11:05 and i'm already on my lunch break
last night in newport
i can't shes taken my keys to muh car.
just listened to the songs on your myspace.  really good
ssssssssssmack!!!! get back at it girl!  are you doing ww?
morning, still trying to find a babysitter, there is a creche at the gym so might leave him there, but just know he won't be happy
i can't work out if you're into diesel or rice burners.
ich will auch zu pinkpop
oh good. i get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming
is wondering why no one else is following it....  c'mon people!
good luck  i wanna see them again too. i waited outside by their buses to see them before, no autographs tho!
has plopped twice! twice!  [URL]
for sure....i still got 2 hrs till i will be home at the fridge  but then beer beer beer lol
talking to my babe  he's amazing
_vincent  @ i missed the party!!!!  i bought wine and everything!!!
[URL] - awe! i miss my baby
i'm soo sad. it's just on the edges of the pages, but it's not gonna come out. *cries*
i'm at work, hoping to enjoy the day!!  fingers are crossed!!
tgif. i don't feel good.
now english academy
going into liverpool soon
spring pictures today  going to schoooool
mcdonalds in the car.  [URL]
honza takes his flight back to the czech republic in the morning  i'm really going to miss him.
_jeffe83 its all the rain
i know. it sucks
_w wow-thanks soo much. hope your well
go to main settings page for iphone and scroll down - you will see it
my name is toggling in and out of google suggestions help me by searching more for 'ganesh jaju' and clicking on some link
ur not blind  i was just browsing & saw ur tweet & figured i could answer ur query plus i wanted to know too
whats wrong babe?  x
hey is there a way u can make a somatic theme for leopard? some themes have installers already that are shapeshifter independent
why do people have 2 be so deceitful and unreal?  but my love for steve jones and channing tatum has been renewed lol...their soo nice
me too i need the sudden urge to do it. missing the diplomat title
_perez that's great! i hope i'll study with my bff too and we'll live together. well..we will see
so effing tired  [URL]
hey lauren...i'm a huge fan! i hope you are having fun at wango tango!!
>>i donï¿½t live in uk, so i canï¿½t say what i think...
want to get a blackberry but can't afford it  . just watching the telly and relaxing. hard sesion tomorrow.
thank you, thank you!! thought this is where all the cool kids hang out now, hehe  xoxo!
good afternoon jonas brothers  x
i wish i could work like you, dude...
: geez, a cool man like him be the villains. too bad
welcome back chica! hope you had a nice break
you mean set up to start using? just jump in! use the # sign with whatever word you want to use
@ the eldorado house, goodbye aliante house. *memories made, memories fade!
goood moring
shower day.
wgn is playing old episodes of rocky & bullwinkle. fractured fairy tales for the win
_idiots hahaha! i don't work in a **** you know  alrighty mister, have you done any public may dancing today?
im bumbed though cuz ima miss da laker game        |double sad face|
i hate the bus...any donations toward my car fund?
bad rum experience in college - still haven't recovered
tired, but glad its a bank holiday
1 month ahaha. and i dunno if i can go tomorrow lmao cause i went today   freakin filipino parents aha
i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up
off to work for the day
not so good
wishing all the mama's out there a very organic happy mother's day
aha, ok  i might see you there yano.
hey thanks for following  love the name elijah thats what im going to name my son
ive chosen grease
hahhahah i'm watching the greatest movie ever
mmmm ham  yummy! i have hat hair...stupid deli ._.
lol!!  i'm glad i've seen the original trailer or that wouldn't have made sense     someone certainly went to a lot... [URL]
have a great camp!!!!! wish i could be there.
i miss you tooooo  you arent too far! *a*
watching dr. phil's special on same-**** marriage. it's sad how ignorant some people are
just sending a twitter from the club! i twittered u
haha k we should stop here. if not, it's going to turn into a **** section. ohwell, my parents just came home
happy mother's day to all the mommiessss
ugh... i am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note i got my g1 update & it is the biznesssss!
chris' baby was born today!
massive headache. argh
by the way, just saw u on ellen yesterday. here it's late comparing to usa. u were awesome!!!
#musicmonday i agree it's just an excuse for me to tweet music for hours on end
poor nicole just absolutely destroyed her cell phone
be sure to tell your mom you love her and thank her for putting up with you!
happy mother's day to all the mums out there, old & new.
oh yeah, that's right! thanks for reminding me
i should've known something would go wrong. the van is having problems. oh please tell me it will not cost us an arm and a leg
my mom was happy with my present  yayy
is watching neighbours!
_star v. good. i thought you were registered na?
brent cross? wow! i live very close from there!
working from home and ran out of coffee!
greg:showing my friends audioboo [URL] everyone seems 2 love it. ta for the headzup bro. so need 2 get iphone. roll on june
using my twitter account
ugg want to go to kaylen house but i cant finna be bored this weekend!!! uuurgg wanna spend da nite  and go see up and go shopping
is is listening to heart ain't brain by chris brown.  [URL]
is going to shul
charter is pissing me off, the rest of the internet can access my blog except me   should have it fixed soon they say, we will see...
_c    thank you for the ffs my friends!
finally on my way home
great meeting...lunch on the patio in the sunshine...nothing more perfect  busy day...time for bed, ahhhhh
wishing i was anywhere but here...
hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! night all
whuahahhaha you need to cut down on them bram ladages/applejacks/pancakes
!!! tell everyone i say hello
17 things to do, the last thing on my mind is cleaning up everyone's cake mess
feeling lonely
i wish you were going too!  are you still coming to nicoles preprom?  can't wait for preprom!!!!
just found out my contact form was being dubbed spam and wasn't forwarding properly. when checked, i had no legit contacts anyway. double
i would love to but sadly i have to work
talk to their creators yesterday no date for public release, just developers
about to be stick at work till freakin 2 am.  madd suck and i worked most the day!
is missing her best friend  commme back kayla, going out in a little while
i'm on it, probably not until next week though
thinks someone may have keyed her car.  big scratches on the hood.
wool, time for the top cote
i know you won't keep a wild dog, or else you won't be able in the situation to use mandriva in your life.
ii don't have any either
tweeting from the tarmac at cork airport. delayed
it should be illegal for me to date
its official, i'm having the worst day. i called it a mile away
i scratched my ipod
omgeee that hurt like helll. finally got it back in. can't close it put the ball back in
in bed watching rove
tell zach & jer i said happy birthday!  they seem like cool brothers, youre lucky haha
take me with you!!!  have fun!
goddamn bloody stress and **** sending my body haywire
i miss my daddy so much.
i'm thinking that you, me, , +  should have it out over some vin in hk
why is it going to be anti-social?
then back to **** school
now i cant find him  gonna be a sleepless night tonight
pretty  is it long or short? sparkly or shiny? lol
_cm  didn't drink enough for a hangover, just tired and over worked
i wanna say happy mother's day to all the mom's including mine love u mama
i miss laughing till my stomache hurts
aww bless hope the phones okayy  x x
just spoke to keith urban's record company, we can't get him on the show till we're back from holidays  sorry jack, we're trying mate!
me tooo!! wish i could get you here
it would sicken most, the number of ways i am able to tweet
hi beautiful! how's it going?
[URL] - *swoon* nick looks so cute when he is serious  *faints*
yeah that was me yesterday after i found out the house i want is sold, my bank effed me over and then the car accident
well done , visteon belfast, 2 years salary paid. just shows what happens when you stand up for yourself
_pyee sure
ugh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed
hurt. done trying..
again, no p.f. changs for lunch    booooo
my chick wont shut up  will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
well wassup than dont be scurred now! lol you'd probably like it if it came to biting!
had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while
interesting day. good overall
i want to cry
happy star wars day, may the 4th be with you  my lil' 12yr old bro is at home playing with a lego at-at and dozens of stormtroopers.
i wanna watch tormented. it's showing on may 22
good morning  hows u ?
ooh how is milan? i could do with a holiday! bfoyf is off to geneva today visiting fam so ive got a weekend on my own
i wish our  didn't close
thanks for the link, ive voted & i'll send that out too.
wishes  a happy mother's day!
my bum hurts.
good night everyone...... time to go mimmiz......
_eclectic but then you leave
flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours
actually i think doogie howser got the idea from the captain's log.
no more brother for 2 weeks.....
there was a mix up with my dentist appt this afternoon. so they rescheduled me for tomorrow @ 9am.
is also very excited for the blazin squad revival!  im rooting for 'em-- their new song [URL]
off to do some gardening and get lots of fresh air - i love sundays
listening to echo by gorilla zoe ahh love that song
its so hot here
just saw a dark burgundy scion xb. that dark shade makes it look like a minivan because the shawdows of the lines and curves are lost.
wow! you've been tweeting all night!! looks like you totally made up for the day
somehow i cant reply to your message lol and yes i know  thank youuu
where are u  miss you i hope you are doing well *sending big hugs*
i do that all the time
ughh...i dont feel good
awesome! that's how i wanna roll when i become mogul status
yeah i didn't realize how bad it all was till now
aww  yeah i feel you. i know its hard.
i want to watch the movie 'up' but no one wants to watch it with me
not sure... there are fanciful expensive ones - but some basic ones are not expensive... try the 24hr 'm' shopping place
i really am going to miss you
going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
so tired.   only need to be here another 30 minutes.
just finished the minish cap. it's a great game! i'll miss ezlo and link.
back in the office for a hectic week - but the weekend was awesome
unfortunatley it is the tooth kind of crown
_4 morning, just checking you can still find your twhirl
new project @ work
goin to bed, but must say i love that #justin timberlake and #mark martin are the #3 and #4 trending topics on twitter tonite!  rock.
yep  which sucks because i thought somewhere it said it was..
my friends are mocking my weekend!   have they been talking to you?
saturday is partytiiime
starting class. today we start medisoft.
**** i have something to say and no one is listening
recovering from mexican fiesta. had a bit too much of a good time!
good morning my little twitternut squashes   how are you all today? whats the weather like where you are?
use mozy.com
um... happy star wars day btw. cheers to all you scruffy looking nerfherders and hot ami's out there.
: i live in germany, it costs a lot too!  i wish you could follow me anyway..
you'll be waiting a loooong time
nothing is going on here is guess
yay for full-term!!
just woke up & can't go back to sleep. had a txt from the bff sayin if you're up call me, sounds important but that was 4 hours ago
[URL] - beauty.  going out now!
awesome! cheers man! don't know if i'll have much money left after todays shopping spree though!
this already feels like one of those days where i just won't be able to win.
when are you and  coming over so we can violently agree?
two week extension on contract ... i'm ready for it to be done
everyone, please welcome my new friend, kari, with a warm follow, as she just set up her twitter account tonight
i already seen am and jazzy i know they blew the roof off! was supposed 2 go to pony party, i couldn't make it out last night
she made my sister cry too hahah. bless her.  i hope she can do it again.
pshh. thanks.
found six great vegan places to eat and relax at; four of which i can't get to without a car
is waiting for sumone to come online
you do realize tom fletcher from mcfly just posted basically the same thing!! twins!
dammm..i thought i was on to something  lollllll
no, it's annoying and makes us girls that follow sports and are knowledgable look dumb
recovering from a lovely but slightly stressful weekend in france
yes!!! one final party  better make it a good one !! how much mpre stuff you got to go?
i would like to be able to go just to one of those
woohoo..this is the day/week the lord has made! just remembered we get to wear jeans & chanclas all week!
hello how are you
this laptop is going to die, its not working!
i lied have yet to see good looking men
good morning my swedish friend. i love the meat balls.  haha
i want to get all dressed up and go out to, but i to have no one to go with, i'm with you mentor
happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers, and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      i miss my mom....
i dont noe what to eat for breakfast hmmmmmmm im so hungry
: aiaahh.. poor u  tell ur mom already?
_b_judah i am too old for vegas
hello world
roscoe - smooth sailin' why did no one tell me about this song?????? rap friends u have failed me
i have the adam lambert version of feelin good in my head... i miss idol already.
i'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  in alot of pain.
don't care about my struggles..
yeah i m so happy for them that they should moved on and out there partying i m so happy
so much work, so little time
happy mother's day moms  take a load of for at least a day!
home. don't think i'll wake up at 5. :-p i had set an alarm for 6 in the kids' room & forgot to turn it off. i feel bad about that.
silly boyfriend forgets his phone charger on his 4 day long trip to kilkenny and now i can't talk to him and see how his gig went! poo!
so my first aid shift started out with some excitement but now it's kinda died down...  i wish i could do this more often!
driving home after an ok night  iwish
i hate sitting at the doctors office! they told me she is running an hour behind! awesome
_ i wanna go to the pub
thanks mate, just came on board here at twitter ...  .. tweet up sounds great..
oh, and now mondays also mean new american dad!  so glad i watched that show, so funny, and it makes mondays even better
aww only 15minutes left of family guy
getting bored of walking up and down the stairs
eating toast  ~peanut butter,,yum
barely awake, eating breakfast.. marathon morning!   good luck to all the racers, and happy mother's day!
helloooo !!!
thinking i'm super excited about this week!
orange/pineapple/banana smoothie after a very long, very hard day = heaven!
i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour.  is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month..
gonna go drop some logs in the pool  back in 15 min
facepanda is cool
i'm running out of things to say, and i'm starting to think you'll hate me for flooding your inbox with 'philippines tour?'
is on allegra, flonase and a steroid inhaler for the rest of the allergy season. throat still hurts from the asthma
about to start my least favourite chore.... mopping the floor
why does twitter hate me i cant put no photos on my page
and were going to pune tomorrow
awesome milkshakes, i had areo mint,. we just blended it up, it was like a lumpy smoothie  so then we did some more chattering and ...
so many freebies for all my jbnoy friends  spam thread soon.
night night my twitter loves on the phone then sleep
5 days
i know. but like i said, i have no idea how long it takes for them to investigate this stuff.
why the **** can't i be over this ??? i feel like crying bit i realy don't want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !?
sounds like my town
_cullen8 i hate the rain *laughs*. thanks *smiles* i miss her loads i couldnt stop crying before
$300 later... i feel so good! but guilty
ha ha thanks tom! i'm such a loser! hopefully going on the 22nd june till 3rd july...what date u goin? u missing helen?  x
vmware fusion seems getting slower and slower
happy 11th  i'm going to sleep now lolz
listening to some music!
thanks for the message - just worked out how to see them and reply!
happy birthday. let us know what you get up to old boy
i applaud you for accepting **** marriage, i have rels that are born again that hate me for it.
yeah !!
the sun just came out!!! pray for me guys!!!  writing skills test   no pass, no class, no graduate -.-
lucky! been beggin for jury duty for years...they dont ever send me notices! just notices for other people to my address!
hey!  yay! thanks!  wow ur page is awesome!!!!!
im.in.the.room im.watching.the.hannahmovie.withmom.she.said.this.film.very.great.
omg! my dad called me a johny come lately haha because i'm slow  haha
life is funny and ironic at the same time isn'****?
can't believe er is over
patience, it's worth it
producing the 6 with  then anchoring... and a sad goodbye to miss lynne ashminov  we will miss you!
just got zion tweet
sounds good to me!  taylor + kellie on tour together is just pure genious!
i know... it just falls right at 1pm my time, like right in the middle of the day
thanks so much for following me here too  i will keep you all up to date as much as possible on my makeup line plus all new collections
haha so the whole worlds there then lol
up and packing. its the last day of youth camp
ready to chill on the couch and watch a movie
good morning world   this will be another wonderfull day, starting with breakfst with champions...  my kids ofcourse
tummy hurts
when you see someone without a smile pass them yours
big now!!! vanessa is going to be 3 in september, its going by so fast!  its hard cuz im workin so much, i miss out on alot
chemistry is not fun..
so much for just an oil change... do not pass go, do not collect $200, lose $160
5 mins, till the end of follow me friday
omg! i'm almost done with the last block on this quilt! just a few hours of work left  i can't wait to meet my goal
that is so sad. wish i can do something big for the kids. may god bless the kids always.
dared to go back and look at that vid i made - i may take it down
how r u feeling? and when r u guys coming back to canad?... come to vancouver!
i have class tomorrow and tomorrow is saturday, i hate having class saturday
i hate having the same hair for too long. i think i want super looong hair now
zen-related stuff: 'go with the flow.' very easy to accomplish - it started to rain, so the rain will flush me away
hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, i gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
yes i did see mitch hedberg and the whole floss thing.  he's hilarious.  i <3 him.  poor guy
nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards...
i can't i'm on my iphone
my kid is sick too tho..i can't do it by myself.  i can't go there by myself like a crazy stalker
i need a wardrobe intervention
just got home, doing art all day.. i want to be in a film
my car is home. yay! $613.22 boo!  i'm paying my mom in installments. i gave her $200 today. i so need to win the lottery. :\
is enjoying the night with her folks.
nooooo! its going to rain on my birthday
you should try it. it's the way of the deena
feeling really dizzy  not soo good
happy friday dance, no rain and i'm about outta here..till 2morrow  i sat the saturday morning shift, but its still all good
good morning!!! who wants breakfast??
loved the sun today. did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  need to shop for summer
make sure u pick up chrisette michele's new album epiphany in stores tomorrow may 5th! you will love it! promise!  congrats
i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!
mark harmon just got shot on my tv
cool, so if you could help make that happen, & make sure it happens at least once in houston, that'd be great. k? thanks.
i want some starbucks..
to my pretty lady  happy mother's day!!! she's the mother of my future son-in-laws
praying you get better soon you sweet one , sorry your still not well
i love pb & banana sandwiches!! still a fav of mine
saw fiddler with topol! the girls looooved it!  next month... annie! 7th row! *can't wait* trip 2 the music store for fiddler sheet music.
_ oh please mark all toe tweets with #toe.  is trying to make trening topic out of #toe
standing ovation for wieters. nobody was sitting down. insane. hit into double play though
haha i forgot...it'll probably be on youtube...so i'll watch it later
aaah k..am like a fan incarnated,so kinda like a mutant. till date, ghalib has never *yet* left my questions unanswered
averaged $31 per hour at work today! gotta love holidays
oh that's why.
congratss to them
its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on...
i know... it was just a joke... all in good fun...  some people get my humor & some don't...
i'm thinking that tonight's plans are not gonna happen. sigh...sadface. i shouldn't be surprised, but i am.
loving life lately!!!!  looking forward to going to see samantha! hanging out with natalie right now!
wants to go catch happy hour  to get me a strawberry lemonade slush ( put me on them)...but i dont have my car...super
chilling out....now the boys have gone  time to relax
haha, i came home from a long night out, and all i saw on tweetie was khayyam wakil. i usually don't announce and **** - lol
created a new album on my facebook for my phantom cross stitch  i want to track my own progress so i feel like i am getting something done
the start of my day was finding a lump on my body... went to the hospital... apparently its nothing! fewfffff! bloodtests suck...  haha
up,dressed, and out the house for 11 am on a sunday. off to see the fishy fishys
i painted my nails metallic blue but iï¿½m really sure about how it looks, itï¿½s a pretty weird color!! i think itï¿½s cool
oh ok,thanks.dont know where the courthouse id either,i'll learn though.any nkotb? twitter stole my pic again  it hates me
all alone.  still watching tww, eating italian chocolate and solving logic puzzles.
i wish i couldn't wrap my head around it  hopefully it'll wake up some people that say/think 'racism doesn't exist anymore'
awwwh - i'm sorry  i hope you fell better - watch a film ?
bummer yo.  i'm starting up finals too soon...so i guess i'll see you around the second week of june then.
finally home! tp tetep, kurang 3bt buat shooting kamis nih! huaaaa, stress gila! syapa lg ya?
two fantastic shows in a row
mooorning! it's friday, and that's terrific! smile up!    :-|      :-d
at work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for plm world... sigh
i miss my cats.... but not on sunday mornings! mine did that to
having serious technical issues in the studio  oh well thank god for the technician
shouldn't have stayed up til almost 2 reading 'rules' but i did. such a good book. totally worth the sleep deprivation.
gets sumthin special, but i want more. akankah suatu hari ku kan mendapatkannya...? only god knows...
oh, that would be riveting tv!   trips to the break room, coffee, toothpicks in the eyes to keep them open.
finally, i got my teaching load confusion cleared. i will teach 3 third year sections but with a catch.
i love finding regional groups of twitterers! glad i could connect you with a few new people
just finished curling her hair!!!! and now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair
i'm having no luck either  doing my nut in! who are you hoping to see?
woke up from aspirating some stomach acid. i'm praying that i dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing
// your face is stupid.   thanks... i miss you too. ha!
trying this out with my sweet lil ipod... i am totally nerding out. and... totally ok with it
kill her
warren and hannah are dead ... oh my godd!! seriousslyyy this is a tragidy !
man it will be a sweep no worries
_tastic awww that is sweet
shower is taken. it is in the room right by the bed. yeasterday we had the shower on the balcony, with sea wiew, that was a bit nicer
ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red
soooo over ppl telling me they went to the tonite show!!!  ive had dreams of meeting him  i'm embarrassd of that a lil lol
what do you think i'm doing at the moment? yeah you guessed it  [URL]
is sadly sitting at home when she could be going to a partyyyyy
you just want to go?? i know the feeling...  i'm ready to head back to the mountains, i won't go back till july
link didn't work
is 99% sober at brittney's with becky and brit  <3
absolutely boiling! got factor 50+ on! must not turn orange, must not look like oompa lumpa... my left shoulder is burnt from yesterday
hiii!!!!  i've missed you  just bored....what about u?
hahaha, yes, our discussions always seem to jump around randomly
[URL] - this store at the airport is as close as we'll get to wdw during this trip.
nite. now i'm up n bored as opposed to almost sleep frm b 4
_x ah that's annoying
reunited and it feels so good
watched kunguma poovum konjuma puravum... liked it very much!  excellent cinematography!!!
star trek was great yet minor details needed to be worked out, but i give it a thumbs up, regardless!
i so should've gone right now!!! *wish i could alter time!!  *
no  sadly its not  bit disappointed will try again later see if i change my mind
to doente
new blog post: [blog] auto insuran...: i just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( i am too careless  ...) .. meanw ...
my tummy hurts  go away cramps! i hate chuu!!!!
i wish i could offer a hug right now, so bad
hey welcome to va, lol.  it's muggy up here by dc too.  worst part of summer i'd say
ayy.  okayyy. it was nice seeing you kanina ! :> i like your hair. :>
wfd: lasagna. still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now.
ohh kayy fasho if u go tonight have fun for me
were playing at 7 @ club impact tomorrow! finally got shirts! woopity doo! i want a slurpeeee sooo bad right now
whoa, i didn't mean to sleep for more than an hour
he's here   sleep over with the mr. night peeps !
not going to suffolk tomorrow.   however, now mb & i are planning a picnic on the mall with friends neil & jodi.
has an hour left of revision
is sitting at home wishing that i didnt have to work today. ask for it off and still have to work
don't worry, you spelt 'no' correctly! it just looks wrong
is at the botanical gardens and its beautiful but she forgot an extra memory card so no pictures today
yeah those are better ads  it makes them look part of your content rather than blatant adverts ;)
borat was so less ****  [URL]
just went through my piggy bank, man there was a hell of a lot of money in there! i can easily live out of just it for the next 2 weeks
in singapore! its so warm over here! having a blast already
great service, but i find the time lag from time of posting to appearance on twitter to be a small downer
hope you  feel better soon little magic girl
just get back home. the first exam was too long no time to finish it ...
back at wingman after a great weekend
round and round the garden: the amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  [URL]
heading home now, yay! was going to buy a much needed bottle of wine to drink with dinner, but my wallet is mia so no wine for me tonight
man, looking through and packing up my books is looking at my past lives. feeling kind of sentimental
yeah, it's gonna be rubbish!
you suck majorly  i'm swamped...so why am i on twitter...i don't know...but still  a golf tournament?
can't sleep rite now because of havin' so much tea!!! 2nite i've just failed the test of my lpi course   next week i'll make it better!
good morning everyone. !.!. time for work
nice! i wish twitter would tile mine
ohh. haha ok thanks
i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation
yay were all saved! weve overcome god again!
np mate, was great meeting you in prague
watching run fat boy run...haha its soo funny.
don't i know it, writing an exam essay this weekend myself
i need lele to answer meeee! haha.
implementing will_paginate  on my website; i love rails
and boat is dining bones in peru - double
mmmmmm, late night brusters ice cream! om nom nom nom
rofl. i love you too trina.
tidied & hoovered the whole flat - and all b4 10am today  now we're heading out2 german bakery 4 breakfast followed by a walk in the park
! he has a favourite! you're his favourite ;) omgaah.   sorry for creepering? ..not really lol
gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. i think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy sat night for me!
congratulations on your shirt btw!
ironically, that thought goes through my head (no pun intended) for *every* headache i have...  hope it goes away soon.
that sucks!    it's thundering here.  i'm getting ready to shut down.
saw xmen origins on sat! by far the best xmen movie! amazing!!!
#bgt dcd seniors were good, but not good enough.
hmph i had to order some bootleg pharos gps phone they dont have the bb i wanted at office depot
just gott home from work and now relaxing
baby help me with math
happy friday. just pulled some yummy radishes out of the garden. hope the strawberries turn out. still no blooms.
happy momies day!
morning everybody
pictures ross.
nice recolouring of your page  nobody is buying your anti-twittering words!! you love it!!!!
i have no phone  whatchu doing tonight sucka. no dane cook she sold the tickets. lamee.
almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks!!!
is allergic to you...oh no!
: i sent you an other call me back message  x
i am so bored
haha i love surprises! i don't work til sunday tho so i have to wait.
we won't be in town  email me if there is another one though.
soooo full that im starting to feel sick
again, i'm stuck in traffic jams ... somewhat starting to be the same situation every day. that's sad, really
i can't vote 4 u a the mtv movie awards. there is no vote button. is it cause i live in sweden? i wanna vote 4 u 2  u rock xo
happy may bank holiday british peeps
is going to the derny race with sofie & cindy.... and i'll see eric there !
causee not everyone can pass the challenge test duh
thinks she's getting sick.....
trip to the zoo today
wish you both a very happy and fabulous mother's day!
noooo i'll miss you too much!  i went stag to my prom and all the high school and middle school dances, if that helps. >_>
is loving the half day! if only it wasn't raining.  soccer practice tonightt.
ah  so you've seen both. (either way, you get to experience the fantasy of sound and shock waves in the vacuum of space. heh.)
i know...i would too. yes i cant wait for bb, i love it! i heard theyre not showing the 24 hr live streaming this year though
flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc.
had a great night
this kitteh likes going in front... or behind... or to the side...of the box.
oh god bless you
checkin out oramarecords.com. got a fever and cnt sleep
finally eating unagi i've been saving up for a while! +udon :] agh i just realized the band playing at bear garden today is one i like!
so what do you do when you wake up? morning by the way
don't feel good
noooooooooo my parrents found my stash
hehe ! thanks for your advice  i choose the shoes, only three of them, so hard !!!
agreed  it did take me a little while to find my way on stocktwits, but once i did, i cant imagine working w/o it
the pool is just not fun without tim in it...
and it's such glorious weather too - poor you
i was really disappointed with the whole 'promiscuous girl' thing. congrats on her success but i think wasted talent
still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh
schoool time. not doing much this week.  about 20 more days of school and it's time for nyc!  can't wait for the last day of school.
cut yourself a slice of cheese cake.. it makes everything better
can today go any slower? time is just dragging by.
finally got my lil monster off my hands so i could run errands and now i gotta do them in the rain!!!
hey sorry this is late, i leave in 30 min  raincheck...tomorrow?
hi miss.  isabelle here. :]
heading home after a long week. wish someone onther than marketers would follow me
actually, i play keyboards for pohaku lol. we played a 12st bday earlier and now i'm spinning at the shack
hi 80th fallower
psst new blog up.. comments me likey
u feeling urself so much u cant say hi???  me no likey u
wow! i've joined the photography scene pretty recently so this (large format) makes it even more interesting
i was going to go to london for a week then had to change my ticket! i would have been there right now
twitwoo! i can tweet from my phone
_steph boo  i miss you! it's been ages. once i get internet back i'll try to fix alo haha it likes to act up from time to time...
is sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex
i never get any followfridays
ha, fun! i think iï¿½ll rewatch (parts of) season 5 today...in preparation for 2morrow night!
mom is ok so far. just missing jaron
i almost say 'bless you' to a sneezing cat
[URL]  - don't judge me. tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
wine..beer..and champagne..lets see how that goes for me tomorrow..lol
yeah i think i touched something that had mikes germs on it because i have a sore throat now  dammit i knew i should have not gone there!
goodmorning
my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes & wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for **** he does.
you have arthritis in them?  really??  poor you  that would be painful - but you can't be that old.  how many squats did u do
wants to go back to charleston
of course
_luciano jailbreak went great, just not a tremendous amount of apps ready for 3.0 though. no winterboard yet
i want to be like horatio caine
right now at my second gig !!! sippinn on guess whut ? water  we sta focused we are on the job
had a good end to a busy day and now i'm off to bed with a full belly of sushi
about to go to acting school  yayay
got a prerecorded phone call from jj asking to vote for admk led front, phone number is +914044621160, hyderabad connections
happy mother's day  & later on i can't wait to see _day26 in concert. lol. well ima see all of day 26 but i like him the most ;d
watching the uninvited in my room. can't wait to go home. but i have to go to the deid first.
turning in.  it's been a loooong day.  just got my new us edition esquire so going to fantasize that i could one day look like megan fox.
i also want it to be the 6th, i miss my girlies so much   we get to be roomies again!
uploading new videos on youuuchuuub!
i need to read  fic again, but i lost it
love you tooooo  duuude,i need to make myself a shirt that says something cool! what should it say?
just broke a vase that i didn't even get a chance to use
yeah. because i'll have to go tomorrow morning and get picked up early sunday, so i see no reason to go the whole weekend
i saw thirst which is korean movie made by chan-wook park . this movie isn't hard but good
i just went to find that unity girl on bebo, i cant find her! i fail at bebo stalking
get better omg i still dont believe that i didn'tgot a picture with you  it's soo sad, i don't now when i'm gonna see u again
omg....that is soooo sad.
my dream was about hanging out with all my friends. it was good until i woke up and they weren't there.
good luck c have funn!
they got attacked by the club
haha...live long & prosper. the movie was better than i thought, they did an awesome job, i'm pleased
is looking forward to tonight's dinner date with mom; is gymming this afternoon; started 'bawas kanin' (less rice) movement; is celibate.
feels like im going to cough up a lung
i like only the james bond series. thats what a spy movie is!
nice
just got back from rachael's house
the week just wasnt the same without an adam lambert performance!!!
off to sleep  on 2 katy perry songs as soundtrack  x
alright - was only joking - i just said no wine here  - fool me maybe? - i don;t like drinking
has to do two 50 page assignments this weekend  there goes any chance of relaxation!!
new issue of  in the office...desperately want to flick through but have so much to do. it'll have to wait
is very shocked and feeling sick... but happy all the same
cup cakes are sooo yummy - but would have 2 have coffee chaser- u know where that can lead
can't wait to see those pics
good morning all! its a fabulous morning here!
i can so sympathise with that
thanks very much for the #ff  ! my only one today
you know, i would love to see 5 lies editors believe about writers. #justsayin
haha. i love you too aimeeeeeee!
why arent u famous already? lol you have a very adoring fan, that fan would do anything for you hehehe, im you no.1 fan
parents decided to drop in on their tour-de-us. the whole family is at my house. i am at work
still no class loaders, or even custom assembly loaders
i'm at work starving
omg, little kids with cancer is the saddest thing ever
weather reports of a week of upper 60s make me happy  perfect running weather!
guess i'm on twitter now!
praying the rosary with my family!
vacation over!!!  looking forward to the next one........
i have assignment due by midnight in professional writing class & i really wish i was already done with it luv writing thought id like it
soon we are going to look at a cabaret, it's going to be fun!
is wishing everyone a blessed & beautiful mother's day!
i broke up with christian bale when he played batman
steam punlk fashion show at anime north and for the first year since torcon we aren't back til  & missed it
o snapppp look who i found on twitter lollll
_mak request me on bbm & send all ur contact info. everything didn't sync up from old phn  i have ur tmail info haha - dated!
lets play some russian roulette.
thanks!!  i'm a fabric addict lately - i've bought soooo much!
dang i want to be on the beach late at night. that's the best. the sound of waves and the breeze!!hope you are well!
matt weiters' first at bat: fly out to rf
not in a good mood.  my mama's away with my sis so can't talk to either of them and my boy can't see me this weekend as planned.
thanks  we did reviews today and i feel like idk anything. anyways. how r u?
ha thats good. thats why i love my boys, cos they never stir up the hatred that the mighty red scum do  everyone loves city
shecky95   happy moms day to u as well and many more to come
omg, tony hawk's motion on the nintendo ds sucks ****!
[URL] - i don't know why, but i lold.
meant to ask how did the other night go? did you enjoy the fight...did yas have an all-nighter?
hey i'm on facebook come check me out [URL]   tell me ur username if you add me
#pens...steigy...no politics hun...the obamas are not watching hockey
haven't a clue about this twitter!
i feel really weird
can't stop coughing
well then happy mothers day  ahahahahahaha
sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo
doesnt feel good!  but i cant miss work tomorrow!
it felt nice, but staying outside for too long and your definitely getting burned! hurricane season is here though
oooh ok. thought i was losing my mizmind
happy star wars day. may the 4th be with you
this headache is killing me yet i need to cover some boring police event.
i sent u a direct message.. there's my mail
are you and melissa celebrities now?
sweet, i'm trying to earn my crown for gluten free baking!
desktop quad-core win7 boot time = 2'25', laptop dual-core w/ ssd win7 boot time = 0' 13' => ssd for desktop arrives in 2 days
sure, i'll be in chat in a sec   here's the thread [URL]
a towel, a 'sub-etha sens-o-matic' and the guide ??
ugh. too much happened today. i really need a hug
nothing much man, waiting for my insurance card to come through... cant get any workdone here w/o it... redtape
sux gabe just told me to go to the afterparty and i have id that works but i can't go
[URL] - i miss my puppy
sorry ali
needs to see a band live.. **** blink for not coming to the uk this year!  ..anyone wanna go see billy bragg or colin blunstone with me?
wrapped up some html/java work now spending the night dabbling in some flash intros
try direct message to me here on twitter
went to get my car inspection sticker got gigantic red r one. just keep piling it on. i can take it. don't worry about me. i'll be ok.
last sunday before going home!
y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat
yes, that would be pretty creepy. i think its all a bit more innocent than that, i think he just wants to sell some icecream
not true, you can get worse burns today... don't forget sunscreen
happy mother's day to ur mom jah. tc.
oh wait, i read that wrong. ok hellboy
hi there, nice to meet you
it's still up the duff boo
postponed is not abandoned. //
looking for models for beauty shoot this thursday in the valley studio  contact me if interested!
ok.  i got my nails done to day an the are sweet.
moral support for students
just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. i'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour.
allies not coming over
i could have got you some from work and not paid more than r20 per 2l
we always miss each other, don't we?
great song  [URL]
just funny sitting here with external keyboard, mouse, and macbook on bed  just looks strange but it's comfortable
im home alone in the house and imma scared  x
hey kellie,how are u?i feel horrible!
congratulation's to phil packer on completing the london marathon  x a shining example to us all x
happy mother's day to you
going for a ride! perfect night to go out and chill
yeah, it's good.  just startled me.
hey twitter  hows it going? let us know how your day is going
in ten minutes shopping   demi lovato-back around demi lovato-behind enemy lines have you all seen the titanic 2 trailer? its really good!
sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? i don't know if i can trust you anymore.     j/k
missing brandon. wanting to talk to anthony. sadshoes
what a great day
oh no matey, did you get ill?  it would be a bit mean of suzi to be calling you chicken scabs if you're not!
exhausted after a 58 hour work week
omg amazing twist! this is a crazy awesome movie
is looking forward to a yummy dinner with mizz kate jones this evening!
says gots my mom a digital picture frame bout to scan pics of her wedding n all that mushy stuff  [URL]
beer is an excellent excuse. earlier i was sweating god knows how much! not looking forward to working tomorrow
has a good heart... or so says the doctor. except that the doctor won't be in until tuesday afternoon to put that in writing....
_ernman hej malena, lycka till eurovision! the united kingdom will be voting for you!
i looked up some differents stuff for mine, today.
aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what time were leaving yet though ****
mmm, comfort junk food. that sounds good. i always preferred wingstop
tat, you looks beautiful and are a heck of a mama and business woman.   dana
i don't believe it, my puppy likes brussels sprouts!
jennnnnn richhhh wast to the ed
i already got my tickets to your concert here in the philippines! im so excited!
awwww...thanks!! ;) unfortunately, everything closes at 4pm in sweden on a friday. presentation is 9am monday.
think of the prize at the end. so sorry to hear that though.
what a day, 12 hours work  but i'd really like my job, it's fabulous :b
aaggh!! my blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day after we get invisible shields in stock. well it'll be a good advertisement
4 fillings to the good(?); two more appointments to go
yo! its moms day today, so do it big for mom dukes  and behave!
to be fair, she was asking about mktg cd's, etc, but i suggested more and she never even emailed back.
poor kitties  if there's nothing that can be done, hopefully you'll at least be able to find her a good home
its raining in md
this is very true about ! but you do have to admit it was pret-ty funny! im bout to go you tube it!  lol
oh yes some are quite nice! and my 'photoshop' liep zojuist vast. so now i have to start over painting rï¿½isï¿½ngs glove
_lottie not one of my favourite pastimes  this weekend is a long weekend here so monday i'm off to an ice show w/ the g/daughter ;)
misses my baby.
ten hours ago, i was was sleeping, sorry.
i was sleeping soo good but just woke up like 10 mins ago n got sick  not feeling so great. i wanna go back to sleep but i'm wide awake.
i've knack my iphone, i got melted chocolate into the speaker, i now can't hear it when it rings
last day working for tend
still waiting to have a beer with moldovan. at least he's happy i came.
i could never do that to one of my children, look what happened to nina zavaroni (sp) brooke shields and drew barrymore
yep, ah, ****, i don't wanna leave my warm doona to get a hot beverage...i guess i'll just have to make do w/o it
not a good start to the day left my money at home . so i'll hot a day me looking for free carparks
spongebob sing a long. amandas mom gave me and crystal jonas brothers calendars
you will be great! have a wonderful first day
friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work saturday and sunday
friends of mine just meet you today..... i can't wait until it is my turn
math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine.
i can't seem to access restuarant city due to some internet / javascript problem...
so, i finally got my but on twitter. let's hope i make good use of this site
hahaha i didn't even notice the name - lice
just woke up day off and need to go in to work that sucks. also have to go dentist for filling at 12 then st helens for mri scan at 2
my twitterberry wont work on my friends and me
slowly getting ready for work
episode 17 season 1, i love chuck bass.  who's going to the short stack filming next sat? im making a flag. ;d
awww my lovies! yes i love it all.  and i'm totally finishing my buffalo sammich after a few hits off the new bongie. <3
hey girl, yeah i did..thanks a bunch!! i haven't started downloading them yet...i totally owe you.
happy mothers day mommy!!! i love you && your the best...
do fish feel pain? yes, says a new study.  [URL]
nothing to do on a friday night
just finished my 1st new song !!!  soon on youtube !  keeping you updated !
i'm doing an experiement
i plead temporary insanity for agreeing to a metric century cycling event tomorrow.
watching ryann!!  gonna be a grand day!!!
off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! hope ur well and got back safe,poor jon  ****
missin my bro..
w00t! glad to hear it! though i am missing watching it outside the igloo by a day
that makes me sad...
thanks kelly! that means a lot.  have you figured out your apt thing yet?
my mouth hurts from this stupid retainer!!
i'm sorry about your bad driving experiences.
did some research, but couldn't find the specific thing which i wanna do with this drive's autorun
edward cullen. <3  hahaha.
yeah! i love this one and doesn't really matter
i for one welcome our new cyber-criminal-overlords.
invite sent   you can now invite more collabs too, pass the word around
eh...i might drive through chi-town on my way to colorado....maybe i'll get one then.
no new tubas until  4th  of july weekend
i realized last night that i have no idea where my pns went to during the move... i hope it's not lost and gone forever
i lluuvv u too..  ahhh im gonna miss u evenn moreee! lol
i been coolin and **** ya know me
still gutted that man utd lost
alicias tonight? idkkkk. ughhh
happy mother's day to all the beautiful moms out there.  (i'm kind of a mom, i think my little pup counts!  )
thank you! i hope you have a great rest of your day! have you had your afternoon coffee yet?
yay happy mother's day  #fb
i don't remember cause i was watching so many on youtube... lol will get back to you
indeed plenty of jokes to be had  lying on bed hoping it's going to free up, i'm on jury service tomorrow...
'nappy's' da new 'n' word....by da way, ilove my 'nappy' braids  igot 'hang-time' homie lol
thank you very much, i'm glad you like them!
maybe until wednesday?
morning  don't ask me why i'm up so early
is it weird that i really want a harry potter bed spread and pillows???? i wish i could find one that wasn't gryffindor
?ï¿½ nh?n ???c bonus r?i. ch?c ch? ?? bï¿½ vï¿½o kho?n unpaid leave
at least you're getting closer to normal bedtime. enjoy your trip. keep us updated. sweet dreams
_longman yes i am.  but she didn't follow me
check out q100 right now..99.7
:: holy kraut. i cannot stay up this late. but the book is done and in the author's in box.  tucking in with kitty-boys now. nighty-night.
ok that's not true! plus, you're insulting me saying that i'm insulting you! i've been trying to cheer you up. butï¿½nadaï¿½
hey there! your web url looks good
- i'm hoping these pills will do something, cuz i'm gonna go nuts
or your mobile doesn't like me
pissed at you   [URL]
i saw this 6 week diet that was no sugar, no rice, no wheat, no potatoes, as much protein as you want. so i just did no sugar.
have fun! wish your mums a happy mother's day for us!
yes'ma... for an after party too after the show next week.
havent been on in awhile.  no point anyways
just got home from the hospital.... i have another clot in my leg
i am dying to hangout on a friday afternoon...
hi there, nice to meet you.  i am new to twitter and i guess you are too?
not us as far as i know  hee hee. we're thinking a few more years first .
may,1st success for lucas first police contact after neighborhood cruising with eggs, cream, bumf, shaving foam. love my son he's a hero
ouch just burned myself making soup for nico...
i'm hungry but can't eat anything right now because my tongue hurts so bad.
playing with the munchkin today, talking cakes and getting ready for a yard sale tomorrow. not looking forward to that
tweeten out  tix deals for nkotb 5/28 was $43 now *$38 [URL] <-or other seat prices /nkotb dates
rip leonardo. you were a great mini fiddler crab
: yes she got all lovey with him&he returned the love&1thing led2 another&  also  wants2 know y ur mad at her
hahaha! i have a secret door to the real batcave
it's freezing and raining here
i'm bad with understanding there things! you should know this!
please come to minneapolis/st. paul area!!!! i looked on your schedule but i don't see anything close anytime soon.
thinks its annoying when i keep getting twitter error messages from my mobile
that is why i drive a (teeny tiny) honda civic  [URL]
is listening to jello biafra at work.
work work work
i did my best, it is sunday after all
i'm so tired
no free ice cream though
well i asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back saturday or something
im so tired. and its so gloomy  what happeened ro summer?
let's hope and pray, we go a wiser way! :  let's hope and pray, we go a wiser way!  [URL]
ive finished 4th year!!! argh uni is going soooooo quick
i've given the $19.99 question more thought. u may be right. one host provides hd quality to all viewers? maybe not.
lol cute.  btw happy mother's day lady
i want some grape juice.
sooo cloooseee
great find   [URL]
'bad words are a crutch, they lead to tattoos and peircings!'  hahahaha!
jazzy we should be in vegas w a team
damnit. sorry to hear dude
ha ha  thank you!
back from hospital. doc says i'll live
looking for a new sms sending solution? [URL] get ï¿½6 free sms with every itagg!
wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight...  might set up a lounge bbq type thing, that'll work. #fridayfirehazzard
eat sleep draw!: part of my neuroanatomy take-home test.  after this, iï¿½m...: part of my neuro.. [URL]
how's the head this morning?
beating heat with tea?  try some masala chaas
officially misses quark.  huhuhu! i had no heart hand partner and no one to dance with tonight! come home so... [URL]
_uk argh twitter didnt post my replies and tweets for ages  aint up to much just enjoying the sun!
oh man that sucks hardcore! haha good luck finishing up recording
god bless u and i hope the rest of your weekend is joyfull
through to quaterfinals of charity football tournament. my penalty save sent us through
_w t'was not an interview in so much as it was a private chat
btw. ear is getting better! its about time! finally - i say goodnight twitter world, (even though y'all are already asleep). xoxo
this is my 201th update
rofl.. okay i dont know. but kristin still isnt here
i had to work and missed it    shannon could barely contain herself.  she had an amazingly good time
and the 1600th tweet goes to you because w/o you, i'd have no one to talk to at 3am in the morning! lol <3
is playing around && having fun with little kids right now  hahahahaha
you're welcome...
would love to talk to you but i live in england so unfair
im fine. but a bit tired  im glad that its weekend now.
well, having looked at my bruv's exam timetable and french oral exam i feel very fortunate  now to, erm, digest my morning revision...
on our way to take photos at the park
#amtarot thank you so much!
that's a mess  i'll look for it next week
loves gossip girl episode 23, the wrath of con
i believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  it happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car.
imissu, come back home now honey
sure thing!
still sad about samantha who?
omg i am in so much pain  ouchies
off to pick up my daughters who appear to be picking up an unhealthy liking for primark...feel like a bad parent
2 hours after teleconference. but can't go back to sleep. got some work to do. sigh sigh
this is my movie weekend!! i've watched 5 movies so far
is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
maybe jd can help you out there i don't know though  but i will ask!
actually, i'm supposed to do that w/ my dad + cousin, my cousin is in trouble though, so we never get together
is having a bbq today!
oh, okay. every so often i get this random taste of blood in my mouth that makes me go 'eww, blood'.  haha.
thanks for finding the amusing rubiks pictures tonight. making my evening via  ...
omg. today felt like the last day of school! it's horrible!
that is sickening... just shoot at will? smh... prayers for his family...
_are_fire hii
yeah it made a great noise, and tripped the house circuit breaker. good times. $200 worth of parts too
yeah back to work  i get out at 3:30 so it's not that bad
wanted to buy amber bensons death's daughter today and no where had it
lol, i haven't made anything yet, i've just spread all my supplies out over the dining room table
i think i just found my purse soulmate. but its not in my budget
happy bank holiday
livin on ur own iznt nice at all. i miss my mum
today is my mother's birthday- happy birthday & i love you! she is an angel whom has helped me so much during this time of my life
awaiting to watch lfctv @ 10am  liverpool vs newcastle game from yesterday!
lol it's not the army it's starfleet, rules are meant to be broken to get the job done. that's why he gets the medal
wow, thats quite the trip!
last school day tomorrow! it was the funnest day ever. but also really sad  righ ow i'm getting ready to go to moab with phil!!!
i wish i was going to be with my st girls tomorrow
found out i have to go to the us again in august. getting tired of transatlantic flights. not good for my carbon footprint either
hey, that link didn't work for me
oh pw, you done me wrong. the signing time in ur children's article are all wrong...and no neil gaiman?! you tease me.  #bea
i know! that's why i recommend it
sad that the statue of liberty will completely reopen 2 weeks after our nyc trip.
awww i wonder when ima get married. shawna and damon are so cute
fourteen hours later, i'm still having the worst allergy flare-up in my life from shooting an engagement session in a field last night...
i can't dm you because you aren't following me
nothing yet  still looking....but lets for sure do lunch next week!!
i do the same thing to my parents and my best friend too
you saw that fraktastic zoidberg painting that was tweeted around last week or so, didn't you?
thanks! i downloaded the trial version of stuffit, and it worked. good advice.
() note to self: never ever leave the macbook pro on the stupid icurve. it fell off.
iï¿½m sorry for that
oouchhhh i just pinched my own **** by accident trying to fix my top
if you keep trying, you'll get it right the last time.
hey! negative on the primatech, this handle's been on the tubes for a decade longer than heroes has
just finished dinner - it was yummy
feeling deflated. hubby saw swing set & thinks is a piece of junk. i thought i had found something good 4 the kids
please dont change anything in your site. i love it.. will always love it even if.. so, please? pretty please?
blast from the ****'ing past. nts why must you suck so badly at school?
off to get ready for school. have an absolute wonderful day!
pffffffffff... it's not a 100% triumph cuz u gone napping  lmao!!
- i produce/direct/film/edit... i write... i coordinate events... i manage don fetti... there ain't much i don't do!
you ever come across something that reminds you alot of the one person that completely broke your heart? cause i just did
just got done watching bedtime stories! love that movie!
oh noooooo!!!      i'm so sorry!!  that sucks hard!
listening to the commentary track on holiday inn. never thought i'd see bing crosby in black face, but the rest of the movie was cute
worried about friend
it are mimi time
send me your blog's rss feeds i have a site that will republish and send traffic to your site...
my dad told me music that has the power to heal the soul. sure is true of yours
yes so did i  some of the acts are really very cringe worthy! though i do find it very entertaining.
driving to work running late like always..... no time for starbucks
don't you agree?
rain. one more reason to stay snuggled beneath the duvet
found out that a schoolmate died of an heart attack this morning. he was barely 35  will miss u bally!
i just added a butt to your name in my phone after i made you go home in the cold. because i love you!
schools out, but works in
so sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usually, after i've typed something, i wont read. i'll just press the 'enter' button
fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows i'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it
_shawn when do you go back home? want to see ya b4 u leave homie
seriously my parents are non stop  minniapolis, newport for a week, and now this weekend in san diego  i miss them
_d awww glad to know little sweet d and leigh are doing good...thanks for the updates howie
_sims do you know of any inside scoop on a station that's anything what kwod was? there's nothing for us now
you right...we are 'arguing' about nothing...i thought it was healthy conversation
, i missed everyone tonight
yeah, but you've got admire someone who takes job satisfaction to the nth degree
sigh.. stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment, now i'm so tired my eyes r stinging & my head hurts.. & i still need 500 words
_whacker skypeeeeee
after work....hillcats game!   .25 cent hot dogs haha
i still have plenty of food left here! thanks for coming over, i can't wait to see how the pictures came out
but i like the idea going to cinema, but monday....
i don't like my dress
im not happy
is gonna go for a shower  goin to see hannah montana laterz woo well excited
with thee ladies getting retarded
wow i must have been tired. i fell asleep @ exactly the start of the 10pm news & now up as if its 8am.
i'm at the anime store iat rivercenter going crazy at all the pokemon stuff. i wish i had money
taking a nap after work=no sleep right now. the nap felt soooo good but now it seems like a bad idea
happy mothrs day 2 ; all thaa moms outt thr  *
_jayy it might hav to cost u a history essay.
yay! my temperature went down!  i can have dinner with the family tonight.
had a great night with friends
my legs are soft  watching a move with my mommm short day @ workk
happy mother's day to all mums on twitter
well poop, my guitar lesson was canceled today  i'm so sad. i hope his son feels better soon tho.
i miss my friends so much
i changed my picture  i am soo screwed, i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started, i just cant concentrate argh
here we are!  unofficially, of course, but we are providing all the info you could want for the geelong football club!
just had a look - missed out by a couple of hours, i'm sorry. i'll let you know next time..
it was days yesterday and probably today that i wish i had taken the top off my jeep.  i need help haha. it's fricken hot
no school today gd  but dont get to see mates n millsy x
i didn't headbutt anyone! not that i know about anyway! ;) you ok today?  football today?
just relax like it is or translated to swedish too? just got to take a look at my next comment
just got back from the gym wanna chat with some new people  lets talk! haha
i want to go shopping tomorrow, but i have to work  buy me things, you know you want to!
i like the last part in your methodology.
back from mountains
the last time pankraz. why do they have to got the same name ?!?!
hahaha yay emily i m cool
14 days until boyzone
p.s.  thought you were gonna follow me back on twit-har ?
i envy everyone on aots...
_hayward go two way mirrors
mandy!!!  it won't let me vote  i want her to win but i can't help, i am gonna jump off a bridge (kidding) but this sux
studying with  and colette!
wants to wish all the moms out there (and moms-to-be) a very happy mother's day!
it's ok lol  i think we might do the same dates.
smiling!  these guys are!    turn up your speakers and smile~life is good! [URL]
wants to move to qld already, this cold weather is killing me
_mcsupergirl ok, finished set u free, and i am sooooo mad rite now...it cant end like that, i dont want him to be the bad guy
..ok brother...did you change your num and not give it to me, again??? smh..you no good dude
_claire its sunny here  i will send some over to you
i think i need a drink
i know. i was hoping to meet you tonite  & i just found out a few min ago that we have a mutual friend cuong h.
bored to tears without my boys! they are at their dad's for a week
you can use my alotment
there is never anything on tv, on sundays. can't wait for america
i am marina and i sware to god i'll never again end up studying french till 2 o'clock at night ever again...too much drama...sooo sleepy
then how come i'm not uber successful?  i'm not making the same mistakes, i'm making entirely new ones!
changed my h/p number go online msn messenger to see
it was actually so hot today ..the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me
thanks for the feedback. surreal life, surreal oils
well i ran out of beer so i left. not sure about the eta. waiting waiting waiting. bleh  gonna be a long nite methinks.
- thanks!  it'll be great    ... and even better as soon as i get that wallet in my grubby little hands!  lol
was on the list, i paid 5 to get in, but if your under 21,you cant go in and out, but it was gettin so hot, so we went outside
well done doing blood work..its hot out again
_peer you ll soon be back  just replace topify email in twitter settings and that s all
mad traffic
my nose is runny, my head is pounding, and teeth hurt like a ****. man. @-) i feel awful.  =((
international version of stand by me [URL] playingforchange.com
you live dat glamorous life.
rachael makes me want to cry
yeah talking to you was too boring
_another_1 yeh i can't even imagine.... good luck to them
happy mommy's day to all the mothers in the world!
i want to go see up. but i don't want to go with my mom and brother.
ooh, coffee!  great idea...  want one??
need to pass the exams
star trek in imax  with kojikun, seastar, brian, and george.
i totally agree! and there's no way to avoid it
... but i could barely speak! he was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' looool. say sorry to him for me please?  x <3
it's tough being a thick chik
[URL] my college, my friends
i'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on sunday & i can't come hear ya.
working away just now, hopefully it stays nice for the afternoon and evening! possible bbq weather!
nothing like alone time with your handheld device
be back later!  happy mother's day to all the mothers in the world! ï¿½ god loves us all!
isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today
may the 4th be with you all!
feeling special @ looking4him first guy to give me flowers.
goodnight to all.
[URL] - hurt my finger at work
rachel alexandra not in belmont   but appearing in vogue.  best looking model they've had in years.
off to bed was gonna read some new moon but its a little late now  night night all ****
the pushing has started, not long before a new #starwarsday baby is born
happy mothers day!  love your mom...
munderday. i like that.
dudes, c'mon - that's almost the ghey!
i'll visit ny 'til september, no diggnation for me
on the way to kuya jordan's house for an o's sleepover  !
_indian hehe very true  but you've got the color advantage, which the complete americans haven't
good morning hun! i will, promise  glad you like 'em. have a lovely day :o)
it's 10.30pm on a friday night and i'm going to bed. how pathetic.
thank you for the advice   i'll work on that when im not at work.
is new to twitter and has no friends here... or should i say followers?
the mum's cake is done.. now i need make a good luch and tomorrow will be an amazing mum' day
definitely ready for a plate of pancakes.
i saw that!!!!
but i am on pg 145 of 165, so i'm getting close!  *yawn*
i'm sad sad sad!!! thought my aunty stina coming but no more  i was so looking forward to having family..i miss dat! i'm alone on maui
july 21st!?? that means at your concert i won't know all the songs.  oh well, yay demi!! <3
sh t, i'm getting even more sad. i'm currently at the library and j think it'll be the last one tooooo
claires party was amazing!    headache.
hooome from work. why am i awake still? up in 5 hours
hi, i was just getting up now so i tought i could write something. today i'm gonna go shopping! soo fun, isn'****?
i am doing fantastic jjj!  you? doing your questions already? teacher's pet!!
oh that stinks..
cleaned. laundry. nails painted. productive saturday night
****
_cupcakes  sometimes plugging it into 240 can fix problems..
its a lovely day sky is clear birds are singing and i'm stuck in an office with on windows for 9 hours
downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory!!!
one taken from earlier this week!  [URL]
can't figure out at what time(french hour) the new moon trailer will be up since i can't watch the mtv movie awards from paris... ?
ps... i got ben button today... completes my best picture noms....got all 5 now. it was a great year!!
- and yes i like the vids
heh.  when i moved into my house pius was having a pep rally, so there was cheering and a band.
my best friend is away at special olympics . she said she was gonna bring me .
well that just sucks. good way to make me feel bad
the big boss is out all week.. small yay. free lunch for the office today, big yay!
already 26.1c in our office. can people melt? we're fighting for air con because fans just don't help, but can't find the budget
spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. lots of fun.  i had other plans for my morning
_in i loved that movie! and i miss raul julia.
my car is in at the garage & is not coming out anytime soon! last time i heard the gearbox was the problem, still waiting for the quote.
i always feel sickly when i wake up.  well got a busy day ahead of me! yippeee
the sun is attempting to increase her efforts. alas the same cannot be said for me. i see a bath, a couch & a book in my immediate future
booo that meanie  is teasing me with a piece of cheese!   [URL]
not a lonely day after all.
wtf my pic isn't showing
ahh my poor feeeeeet
happy mom's day to everyone in the us
****, nearly forgot my pin  i shouldn't try to learn anything new in the future lest it push out more vital information.
this twitter **** kan eat the gun now ....an i don't even be goin in smfh, over reactin 4 nothin, i need 2 stay strong
i'm in french and we don't have a teacher.  one hour left til school ends.
the good: i drank jager and licked a hot asian girl's foot. the bad: i was reminded once again that i will never get asian girls ever.
i think they're really good, so that probably damns them to obscurity.
don't know yet  lemme know if you come up with something though.
ummmm i have no idea what im doing but my friend is pissed off at me now and i dont know why she hates me so much i need help britney plz
she will
ugh headache   i just wanna go home
yes!! i has 100 minutes of sims 2 plus seasons  ) fun fun expansions
definition of senioritis: me. about to go to chem ii and calculus. not good classes to feel like slackin
- no hard feelings, i hope  like i say, i think we agree with each other.
aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing
chillaxin at work...man i screwed up
clearly need to crack the whip some more
this was at pitman's down south. it just looks like business is bad all over
such a headache  it's killen me!
happy mother's day x3 ..mum? i love you
took a 4 hour nap after work today and won't be able to sleep all night    this is a bummer
strike one.    (three and i'm out.)
been job hunting for days. media and non-media jobs. no lucky  anyone know of anything???
: yes  and ily
sasha's helped too, of course
really wants to buy new clothes
hahah you know you loved the hannah montana movie  it was aweesome
mcfly anit been on here in ages  z
another long walk in the heat... i hate this...
i like that...gonna have to re-tell
aw, sorry about your cat   no worries about the blankets, i was just wondering, i'm in no rush, take your time!
who knows, maybe someday you'll come home and find... *gasp* dinner in your fridge!
wanna see up in 2d but everyone wants to see it in 3d
is finally having dinner... at nishiki sushi!
i ended up not going because my left knee is killing me.  i think i pushed myself too much yesterday
just woke up from a five hour nap. i still have a headache.  medication time!
feels disappointed..mahirap talaga mag-supervise ng tao..  [URL]
_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx
[URL] - rounding bases - she was fast during relays. not so fast during the game
that's great bastos!  i'm happy for you. you gonna do the mabaho leg, to celebrate? haha
ya she prob does but i dont want to no about it
dont you have a uk say now?
stellar! you 2 look great
i'm not impressed that it almost always rains on bank holidays !! stil... it's a free day - no college
hahahaha...yeah you mess up that crossing and kneeling bit you will get called out...joking
cleaned out me followers list and blocked the **** girls & **** now i look like a spammer
i had one of those in south florida. mowing around it could hurt
i would advise watching it in the cinema. i am sure the effects are worth it. unless you have a monster tv at home
this is dumb. i keep losing followers!
i havent ben on here n a while...  sorry but im bac now so hit me hup
tried to 'bing' today.. not operational in australia yet
plan for this evening: dinner, shopping for dress shirts, watching up, going to bed. plan for saturday: funeral for a friend...
leaving for atlanta in the morning to catch joco and pa & st!!! i'm excited! missed p&s at d*con last year.  that made me a sad owl.
you didn't include  in the 'follow friday'
im with andrew  it was a long, but fun day
afternoon from office  my cubicle has been moved but not the system yippie! mine is one of te few surviving 'good' system..
20 at least hugh  happy trails
now the pic wont load up on twitter
glad you are happy!
*fretful look* okay. but i think it's mumbling something. it's a bit muffled under the hat but it sounds like 'i need lactose'.
what the hell am i doing awake this early,
actually did progressive studying today..
man tha mojitos from earlier got me feelin type funny. hope i don't get sick  [URL]
oops spent too much already lol 50 quid gone
only 1 thing sucks about holidays: worrying about pets. cats will be tgthr @ 'cat resort' but jonesy won't have much company @ dad-in-law
my paradise fly catchers abandoned their nest....  they are starting again... but it's gonna b tough
thank you google for your adsense payment.  if only the aussie dollar wasn't as strong
i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke
sounds awesome, wish i could go but no way i could afford it   have fun!
ahh naa i dont like rain  nm really friend is comin over then goin 2 my grans
battery is low boooooooo in palm springs, ca [URL]
_kat i've begged my mum to lt me get them out the attic.. but she wont let me  waaa... and yes, was spoilt! hehe!
thats great  (((hugs)))
thanks for ff wink
and it's only downhill from now until labor day!
you should see the morning rush forum's shoutbox. overheat bcoz of campaign! flying skirts!!!
u really dont right now! i am as sick as a newt in a freezer! its aweful  x
same as i... to bad i'm a programmer only in this company
great night hangin out with my family... mom and dad loved the extra company tonight!  can't wait for frc pcola tomorrow
noooo! little piggies.  i'll vote anyway, hmpf. we need to hang out soon pls. :hugs!:
just got thru watchin  on bones now topping off with house reruns
very bored. all day, no one 2 talk 2. missing my bf (and his kisses). hols almost over,  don't wanna go back 2 skool.
yup then we are a day older
i'd give anything to be there. too bad i'm in tennessee.
smackdown is a lot more boring without maria.
i would join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing
ha!the potential is there but so is the loss of fingers, think you can get the po to do it? at a charge and not full proof
off to see the tinyï¿½s, thinking thoughts about smiles i caught from the radio  and big daft grin all over my face....
dang it! i really look like ****!! sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready
justin timberlake totally rocked snl tonight. ooh, and happy mother's day, another hallmark mkting tool.
exams. thennn some sexy time.
heading to the airport
_wst the wheater here in austria should be bad for the whole weekend. sorry!
gah! i got some of your songs off itunes  i'm so happy! they're so awesome!!! keep it up!
it's true!   have u downloaded the tweetdeck yet? it is literally amazing  ****
i can't make it. my manager switched my schedule so i'm closing
_47 hey, watch out you don't post too many adverts on your twitter feed. i wouldn't normally follow, but your blog is interesting
that's a lot of mangoes.. haha  baka naglilihi ka ahh?? haha  joke lang carmen
happy mothers day to all the mommys exspecially mine  love you mommy
mileey how can i voe in the mv movie awards ?
tafe was actually quite good. for once
i want to see drag me to hell. but i get the feeling none of my friends will go w/ me
glad you are having a blast.
**** was about to call
tired but have a lot to do.  looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming
i don't want to quit my job.
have spent half of the day troubleshooting something that wasn't even within my control. clusters doesn't always mean high availability.
can feel a headache growing.
hi i'm ok   still not feeling great
ooow those look painful, poor bb
i think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. it sucks! well off to mow.
i can't wait that long
happy mother's day! i hope you have an awesome day...and a good rest of the night
haha i have 2 ask, are you 2 as beautiful as ur voices? curse u super cool beautiful women who are likely unavailable! lol
many tribes r becoming extinct  i blame mc donalds!!!
i can't go to sleep until tech support emails me back
that was funny! loved it! i almost fell for it. haha
next movies for me : terminator salvation and transformers 2, gonna be a meka spring this year
and i wish i gave you one last kiss
nice to meet ya!
**** you is all i have to say
time to get ready for work
'i saaaaaaid!!' haha. it kinda makes me sad though.  [URL]
what am i doing? what can i do?
hateeee history of rock!
yes yes she is indeed nuts! ... like me... though i am not rich  tut x
watching jackass the movie  [URL]
changing to work,.
i'm so out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning
is playing with windows 7 rc
yes, mondays are hard!  hope you have a great day too & have the opportunity to get out at some point into the sun
its sunday morning and birds are chirping. hoping for the best and praying that its the best.
do you want to do my laundry as well?
itunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  how will i know which one of 143 hasta siempre versions i liked best?
_deen   looks like a delicious recipe, will try that tonite
after i water the plants i am headed to the farm. don't have any popcorn for the goats   katnip is looking good under saddle
i shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it...
cant send the dream story on twitter. sending on bebo mail  x
sounds good, the one i was too was also fun
they raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. yay
going back home tonight
is feeling her eyes burned-fried after 10 hours attached to the screen uploading new summer clothing for my store www.chittypulga.com
hahah im way too lazy to check my phone  ooo michells! are you wtaching the recruits?
rose romance is released here on thursday, gonna get me some bps
oh dear, it will be late there.... good ol michigan!  well i look forward to chatting with you when our wakeful hours overlap.
ooooh, i'm jealous  i might try and get some for the saturday but i have an exam on the monday that im gonna fail
goodnight all! no ipod still but found my old mp3 player...we'll see how long it holds out for.  ****
13:00 is kickoff. the red cars hopefully
so sorry, i just found the members preview has been sold out for awhile. it opens at noon to the general public
better go and put my clothes on guys.. even if p.j's are warm and moveable
i fell for austin taura hanafiah even morreee! shoott!!!  a guy shouldn't look that yumm! hahaha...
happy mothers day to all you mums out there
is still sick. but still loves revenge and the possibility of more revenge to come
love how my printer decided to print all my blacks all marbled - 1hr before an interview for new work this morning.
_eliza ohhhh that makes sense then. 8d and i need to reread the lotr trilogy, i lost the three books a long time ago and i'm sad.
im finally going home but didnt get to finish all my work  so ill be back tomorrow
just sneezed three times in quick succession. but three is not four, so no record.
coach says have come along way, faster that alot of people  oh yeah whos the man. ohh very sore
o_o thats cool. dang, ihave to clean my room now  lol, but good luck w/those jobs gurl
guess what happened to my butt yesterday? yes - annas finger came for a visit... and i said nothing about it.
why thank you. couldn't resist it
they follow my
you're welcome!  how much longer until it's colored in?
gooood we miss you!!  hope you had fun w/the in-laws haha
** gifts & honesty box messages has been discontinued due to abuse ** - hehe, dalï¿½ï¿½ facebookovï¿½ aplikace na hovno
on the set of chuck bass' new york palace hotel. too bad they weren't filming today.   [URL]
today will be productive: gym now....lots and lots of writing later
it does it sometimes - it should come back ;) and the car thing sucks - i feel all anxious and yucky now
i wanna be drinking at the pub
i would love to come visit you in korea.. next flight that is under 100 i am there!
grilled again for dinner last night for the senior's final kairos dinner  had steak, spicy mango sausages, hot wings, grilled vegi, corn!
just downloaded music for over an hour.  love when that happens
wow, your spam really has everything covered! mine's almost all **** enlargement stuff.
nah i don't finish til next yearrrr!!!   are u stayin in the bad news after graduation?
i have got my smile
can't sleep but is happy that the fugees are keeping him company
something outside has a bell  and i wont stop ringing, i think its children with bikes  the asbos
i need to buy a cheap verizon phone
- love the comeback, i will stay tuned! you fellows should follow people on here though. you'll in turn get more followers
watching 3rd jonas ep.
school over!!! i'm gonna miss a bunch of people
i voted and i couldnt
ate all my chocolate
i'm still working.
awake again , i give up , i'm going to ready for today
i do text to twitter sometimes, but i don't receive any on my phone so....
day of writing
it is hot here in texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house.
has a headache from the the heat.
friday night and still working...oh wait..it's saturday morning already
the killers where the best. a bit disappointed that the last song was cut short  can you watch it in full on iplayer ?
no juice here, i didntb even let him use my computer.
don't 4get gina thomas! ( the things u do, keep artist running from u) she's a corrections officer in jersey now
i really want to ring  but it costs 2 much  dam you credit crunch
eww its gross here & a lady keeps looking at me weird  ha ha but another smiled & asked me if i was in their company..me in the army? lol
i'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first.
yes. and then they should in non test conditions!
you are extremely clever my dear.
it's sunny but i'm bored  sad call or text me
installed office for mac & messed up all my fonts on safari, **** on a stick! help! can't even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft
passed my drivers test! i can drive!...oh wait, i don't turn 16 till october
aww!  that's so sweet!  so glad she's home with you now. happy mother's day to you
cheers mate, still getting over wednesday  you ok? you should be, you are an incredibly wealthy man
listening to some bands recommended to me by sarrah  i really like the friday night boys <3
precisely.  the more followers you have, the more important you feel  [URL] explains a bit more.
in school, wants to read eclipse, 200-and-some-60 pages read
yo wats up? how u doin 2day? u havnt answerd any of my replys
that sounds like a good compromise.
i meant i cnt help but stop chattin wid her.....    gud dat u noe everything.... so do u think its fair????
no one ever gave me the info i'm sad
watching neighbourss.
i'm jumping off the nearest bridge if i can't have it
i'm going to the show in amsterdam!  can't wait!
says i miss plurking.  [URL]
i miss mcfly last night so much!! i was front row centre  danny was making me laugh so much lol
annnnnnddd another one bites the dust
oh, will do. i had to bring the soufflï¿½ home i'm so full!  it's delicious! one of my philly favs.
waiting for amy so me, her and  can go see the hannah montanna movie!!!
no  i didn't yet he never texted backk.
if i smile at you will you follow me please lol
your lucky, you have a bed and ice cream, all i have is a very sore couch and some cardboard
omg supernatural is on after good news week
there's a 1,000 you's... there's only 1 of me...
today is a good day but its cold
i woke up at 5:45. didn't have a full bladder, wasn't sick... and to top it off, i went for a run. now i wanna go back to bed
aww, why not?
i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother's day.
_da_**** ï¿½ cant im not @ my sister house no ï¿½-net tonite
going to search out areas we would like for our dream home to also home my home based business one day soon.
good morning!
ditto that, my friend...bored! oops, now i have an exciting problem
have to go now by'all <3 see ya later guys  ****
please do  i'll settle for cheap cider for meeting deadline. have you seen our new blog at www.havealovelytime.com?
i'm looking forward to the joy of the f1.... hoping its another disaterous race for ferrari and button gets another well deserved win
lol hell yes i'm keen. we're going skiing at treble cone sometime this winter
just noticed  didn't get the location right again!  maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy??
has a broken iphone
_fr yes i saw the village but the restaurant in the village square has a sign above it that reads 'digestif.'
oh ok kool  keep me informed bout that checked ur paged its nice
i've locked up a mac once or twice in my time. ok, literally once or twice.
i'm new!!!!! dunno whatta doo!
[URL] - hope you're having loads of fun!  i love and miss you all, boys.
i'm off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home ...  joy.
**** everything
_blache night! doze well.
happy friday! do u know how i can get a copy of the bt art u did on mel's fake twitter? i'm n it, but can't find it now.  thx
@ amhzz... did u get an invite? i miss u
midday and a half, time for lunch
is really, really bored... i guess i will go to bed
the balmain knockoffs in bebe make me sad.....i want the real deal...these shoes look cheapy cheapy.
still fighting off this cold, ugh
missed you last night hon
some advice for all of you: dont pressure wash your foot. it hurts and is not worth it. you really do want the skin on your foot. fyi. ow
im gunna juhs so its another way to talk ta yu  <3
my three-day weekend starts now.  was gonna watch star trek, but opted to go another night instead.
went shopping for sports tour yesterday with garley... very very very funny!! now i need some brunch  and a shower.
wooops! meant i agree with boomstone..trying 2 reply 2 both, lol. happy mothers day to you as well!  tty soon!
i need to watch star trek
there's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #sigjeans
bf moves to the city tomorrow. currently he lives down the st.  sadness.  he will be far away  (not too far, but not down the street )
i don't know what im doing :s
[URL] - we were bored
i should of gone to kirsty's for the night, anything to get out of the house
_m aww why psn?
morning ;sports day today, and i have to do the three-legged race with   ; mr pettigrew said i'm not aloud to trip her up
its offically mothers day!! happy moms day!!!
britains got talent is rather disappointing this year
that makes me sad for you
is very very tired  just want to sleep.  stupid work getting in the way!!!
the ballerina family is super nice, albeit a little too controlling of their son's life, but the bayou family is so judgemental.
but i am with you... i hate doing it... can't we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe... sigh...lol
_duckett great pic!  how fun!  love food and wine festivals...well, beer fests too
i didn't read the details so that may be it. sara jayne is a kid's show so it can't be that exciting.
awww...on ur way out  have fun for me toooo!
going to get some coffee
possibly going out tonight; is there anything to do in lancaster? i miss baltimore
listening to varsity fanclub
wasnt it supposed to have been in for yesterday?
smores plus jacuzzi equals amazing
ouchies. sorry to hear it  are you going to get it checked out?
thank you all for the huge response w/ blessings & congratulations for us and anna... we're indeed a family in church  love that so much
i need a coffee
i really need to invest in an elliptical machine... running with shin splints sucks!!
thank you for sharing. i appreciate your honesty  i hadn't tweeted for 30 some odd hours and got a little tweet happy.
no problem! look forward to your next tweet.
almost dere  really tired eyes r really dry
subway=yum!
about to rehearse...starving!!!
i need a nap, but i won't be getting one
outz wif the big big big happy family for mommy's day meal. and happy mommy day to all mommys out there!
good morning...hoping to throw back some coffee like right now!
busy week this week; quick trip to chase some oil and gas in htown and then back to office for fun week with the devel team
i just had a lovely lunch of curried rice and mussels with baby octopus - yum
i like that term 'today list' - better than 'to-do list'
relaxing fragrances are soo in! my latest loves are still lavender & chamomile--the basic ones  trying to find more flower scents..
can't sleep... havent finish my homework  **** it !
- i did see it...looks so retro!   i wouldn't say no to rerecordings...fans loved given one change.  you have cs fans!
good morning!!
so sad...found otu about your boot camp too late.   oh well, may be in la that day anyway.
good!  now let's go get this done..... www.hennesseyblack.com
today i'm sad, my cat of 10 years has just stopped eating, and is very sick.
**** just spent a week whole of pay on shopping  oh well i'm happy!!!
the latest season doesnt air on any of the indian tv channels. so, i kinda download the episodes / view them online
you know ur dog is getting old when she sits down to eat...poor hilly please don't grow up
#iusedtobescaredof the girls in the year above me at school
who've u noticed now kate ?
am little bit upset   ppl is jerk-
she was wonderful, did not get to meet her though
aww.. i lost 3 followers.  follow me !
_e im going to my dance class now
yes .. thats a problem   #prism #fail
im not friends with anyone anymore
i have forgot the live with the jonas brothers on facebook
back to my office.  the fire alarm went off due to someone burnt food in microwave
little bottle jus for me   [URL]
dreaming & thinking about my garden
i want to be in love.......
alright. i really wish you guys could've done a show in tennessee  because now, i can't go to one of your shows :'(
_i yeah poor yao! hope u had fun looking at the lakers jerseyz haha! enjoy ur time buddy !
smh @ playing dress up! lol. i can't see the vid though... its not working
hmm.. idk that song.
doesnt know how to pimp out here twitter page.
boy don't try to front i-i know just-just what you are-are-are
good evening. enjoying vacation eventhough it is boring.  pray for david cook's brother. rip.
ahhhhh  well at least i'm up to!
sociology is done, english and biology left... i'm going to die
on my way to work, cant be bothered
got a right bad headache
this is my anthem right now.... don't leave me high and dry.  ? [URL]
: aww! thank you honey.. didja get mommy a daddy?
i was certain which show you were talking about by the letter g in 'camera cafe: a misog..' i think that answers your question
stressed as hell (, but still surviving
went to friend's house to watch some good old season 1 episodes of supernatural <3 **** i love this show soo **** much
hey guys  we just wanted to announce a marathon! so, let's just say...get ready for a couple episodes!
love **** magix it's cool!!... great rhythm!!!
i hate watching the news. why do such awful things happen?
yessum.  we'll see how this year goes... maybe i can head back in oct, when the rates go down. i wanted to go for my bday
homeee! my feet are sore
its been clownin since it got flooded in htown in april. got it repaired or so i thought.
:o exams. yuck    that will be hectic!
when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  don't ask why, just do it
off to my cousins confirmation + confirmation party
had a 100% raw day
35 hours in the sun=rash
get to see and hopefully meet these guys next week at rotr!! can not wait!!!  adelitas way - invincible ? [URL]
ugh my head, when will all the headaches stop. anyways, i love my life right now, i couldn't ask for anything more. i love being happy
talking to nat
happy mother's day
did some real window shopping and i found so many things i want that just happen to be over a hundred dollars.
dear god i hope they save it.  [URL]
enjoying my weekend with my kids!
will certainly do that.
i'm guessing the belt thing is a no-go since i didn't hear back..sorry  stop by this weekend, we'll talk bout the ring, etc.
i wish i was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!!
going to bed early... got a lot of important women to visit for mothers day tomorrow! ps- as of midnight tonight, happy bday boo bear!
poor ds is in bed with 100.8 fever - he won't be able to walk in relay for life tonight - feel so bad for him, he's so sad
well...gotta grab at least an hour and a half sleep before the girl's get up for school...gawd the life of multi-taskin'  night/mornin'
errbody, please check out [URL] id appreciate it a bunch.
njoying sunday  plce and learning abt more in joomla
cvs is that like a genetic brand?poor you,my hubby gets bad allergies..no fun!
the following week would be better - i'll be gone next week
my stomach is bleh!
looking at old pictures... i love it & miss the good ol days
not letting anyone get me down  tired of taking on other people's pain all the time! i am a happy person with or without drama... om.....!
yooooooo!? what up mates?!
_nk wouldn't call that cool or dangerous. reckon it fits into the stupid category
so...woke up in time just for work.....boo
trying resco mobileforms toolkit and sample. trial messages ruin everything, the sample has bugs, it's running slow. poor 1st impression.
i am so happy. keve is here for early mother's day. let's be quiet. he drove all night and is sleeping.
i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot
oh, as usual, i should warn my new followers that i tend to over-tweet during #canucks games. apologies in advance.
oh that was good cake
good stuff, cant wait for the results
all my loved ones are leaving on sunday..... sad
_ahoy yeah i really want one too!  probably in the winter i may be able to get one, but until then.
feel. sick. too. much. cheese. on. toast.
why i love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? i get scared to try.
thnks for followin
i see your date is showing you a good time    still want a stripper picture
listing to a sad song  so i am sad too
i heart you girls!! let's hang out soon!
hahaha  is such nonsense
ugh, my internet was down!
i want to hang out and play!  but i can't.  fiddle faddle on my workload!
i want too soo bad, i hate missing gumbo, but i have a shoot tommorrow that i have to be at for 8:30.  so no gumbo for me....
i need a new iphone case but i am broke.
it actually is ;) according to all the retweets, at least!
aww   i know, we used to chat but you became too cool for me ;)
heyyy you always look nice  wanna come to my friend's party? its june 8th long weekend in sydney
_hawt so, how's the fitness regime coming along hehehehe
just got woken up by my mom... our entire first floor is flooded. all our furniture, curtains, moms expensive rugs.... soaked and ruined
i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml.
eye still hurts  i think i'll go sleep now...
listening to have heart. aka i took over carlys last.fm      its 4am need to be up in 4 hours.  looooong day tomorrow
what's wrong
he was always a bit smug as a whistle-blower. the 9-11 denial stuff is pretty spectacular too
belay the swimsuit, hot tub won't be ready this weekend.  sadness
i think i killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not.
i'm so sorry drace  this sucks so bad
waiting on food.
i also have a brain tumor called jeffery.
bbq's gone well ! weather stayed good which is a right bonus. just off to bed, training in the morning at 06:30 then work
not ideal bank holiday conditions.. a little over cast and rainy but perfect for a lazy day with a dvd
_stiller they sure do. more than 40,000 to boot!
wants to sign up for the germany field trip pero no tengo dinero.
don't remind me.. was supposed 2 meet up with the homie  2 4 that show..  ack! so kill it please..do the **** thang!
bad times?
cheifs beat the 'canes 16-8! top of the table! wooo! ...and up go the sky sport virtual rugby points.
we wasnt invited to yall get togethers either! then  and  was playin security and told us to be quiet!!
_kel_17 ehh carnt stand hot weather
artery tomorrow. no more hagen daz for me
can't beat all time low.. (: i soooooo want to go to metro station..  your cheap shots wont be able to break bones
i be having a drink with marc while izzy is sleepin  woot woot!
i should stop trying to reach
_dog lucky you! it's drizzling again. mommy says the puddles are big enough 4 me to swim in, so no dog park today..
they really do. it is a crying shame.
alives.... less highness feeling.... sometimes i hate that feelings.... talking about an exhusband as if he's dead is funny
[URL] - i don't like this bangs! i want my hair back!
murphy's law?  sorry that your computer is not cooperating when you have lots of work. my kids are .. [URL]
stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk & toast, i feel like a wi girl again :') minus the stomach cramps
crawling into my den for the night now.
going to third
it's cold and cloudy and i have a million loads of washing to do
i wonder why thumbnail pictures aren't showing up on my tweetdeck?
cant sleep  so tired! goodnight... maybe :/
has to be a mac! believe me - you won't regret it
sneezing frequently
has no people skills.
maatt havent spoken to you in ages dudeee  dont forget bout ur aussie fan  ;) lool. love ya ****
is suffering from hayfever, is drowsy from too much piriton, and is heading to bed with the air purifier on
new york dolls tomorrow night @ the depot cancelled   refunds available at point of purchase.
wow that was easy! thank you
tell him ill beat him up if he doesnt share
work til 9
yeah, physically moving too!  apparently we'll be reporting directly to mr. hayward...
going on 1,116 days still no new tattoo.
just woke up. happy mommy's day to everyone's mom and grandma!
heyy
just getting back into the swing...still sore from my surgery  and tired...coffee time!
hope that migraine doesn't stick around for too long.
i am finally plugged in to listen to flashpoints on http//:www.kpfa.org shoutout  and have missed the segment about chevron
_cunning i gotta go to my cousin's grad party
good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you.
time for mimi's
going to work, it's 3:30am
uff - hard to get going today, up half the night with 6 year old son
is also having a lonely night.... wishing she could go to audun's so that she doesn't have that bad dream again...
this weekend i started a 'healthy lifeestyle' - not diet!     let's see how it goes - will keep ya posted on my progress.
ohh tell me bout it, couldnt stop munching! my stock is running low, buying more today
look at my background that's how i want my future date to be like  (well if i ever get him).
- i'm alright thanks pal, just bored witless, bored to hell, really wanna' go out somewhere!
sent twitterville 1.2 off to apple for review  more screenshots etc will be released later this week.
foooood  yummy so. whose washing the dishes now ? not me ! not i ..    rofl
idk....i'm trapped at work all day
quickest way to get a seat to yourself on a london bus currently: pretend to sneeze very loudly about 3/4 times
just had some delicious sushi from niko niko on vermont and hollywood  mm
morning twitts heading home  had a great sleep over w. my bf tennille!
done jack in the green today, it was good, a killer walking up the west hill though! listening to will and the people
thx for the suggestion - i don't think it'll be easy to convince her cold calling isn't aweful tho
thanks for that twitpic, sure made me laugh
morning all .. just into the office now
saw you on snl with your diploma..congrats. you must be overjoyed.   now i am finally going to bed..nite
i want him to call
*sigh* i'm going to bed... i just don't feel right anymore...
darn, i had one and it slipped right through my fingers
_bizzle checkin that out right now
and apparently i misplaced my ipod, the 30 gb
happy star wars day
tuesday, any other day... long as we still get to watch
looking forward to android 1.5 being pushed to the g1 then?
rp : rp : rp : my crack...--here's mine. ?----  i just threw up in my mouth lil bit--it's my legs, lol.
on my way to get the crate and bella dolce!!!! sad cuz  is going tto richmond
ciara was great at snl..kim...you were mentioned on snl tonight..justin t was really good also
lol that is so charlie......i miss charlie
girlfriend!
making a list of sic 2009 attendances
brooklyn!!! we went hard!!! now back up top!! but 1st hajji's...yea again  [URL] [URL] [URL]
got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry i'll do the work tops
nope i cant figure out how to get the updates on my blackberry. . . i need to go running too
i doubt it! boo! you always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!
omg, i get the $50 coupon from them all the time, do you?? i'm obsessed with their catalog when it comes in the mail
has that sinking feeling that it's all about to go **** up.....bracing myself for the comedown
i hate waking up early! but i need to make up my 27 hrs at my pharmacy class. >=[ sighhh.  in other news: breakfast time!!!!
is about to make a nice cup of tea and pop some benadryl...long day...stay positive twitterbugs...goodnight!
i think #ff should be feline friday anyways, i want cat pictures. maybe those are only for caturday though
no one loves me  brittany forgot my flowers...
congrats !! i just knew a princess would win!!!   #sigjeans
no decleration yet but crazy **** koreans aren't playing nice anymore  what do u thinks next? i'm thinking war
wishing you all a happy monday and a wonderful start to this week ! make it a good one
watching please twins.  gonna make some iced tea :-bd
still not asleep. ahhh  wtf?!
ohhhhh barcalona. please dont ruin this  #bgt
i say the same about poems. when you are ready to write, 'nothing else matters' as a well known song tells us
aw one of our fishies died
just found out i can't drink at this bar! booo missing e1 at palomino's! no cheers sad face
boston needs one too
i hate interviews. im going to do horrible today
now im crying....  poor thing..
photo: i like da cooolooorss and the composition is great  scribkin: [URL]
i wanna roc wit'chu . imy buu
in 1st period. i hate this class. can't wait until i'm home!!!!!!!!!  i'll b the happiest person in the world wen i'm home!!!
classic jt for a saturday evening  [URL]
guess i have to get dressed and be pretty then
that is the sweetest loveliest thing for you to say. you made me smile. thank you for that.
i am going to start using  for fast access to m.twitter.com at school
exactly like that ...in glasgow now ...it's a bgt busier
_brads i've finished  lol
zombies make great huggers b/c they don't lower their arms or move to fast...  ï¿½  (via )
is there anything good about our country?
good deal! im doing good thank u   the one about me loving my mom?
but it's fun when they blatantly ignore the advice
so. i'm taking my life guarding classes fri (7-9pm) sat (9-6pm) sun (9-4pm) and mon (3-630pm) live eat and breath life guard stuff. yay.
i'm going to pig out on ice cream and potato chips
i wish i was there.i've just moved from san diego to wa and i'm very depressed, i miss sunny san diegoooooooo!!
i'm listening butterfly fly away  daddy i lov u mamma i lov ya
lmao i know !! pleaseeee reply  you got any replies yet? :l x
the blowout ended
watching next day air
a lovely weekend thank you  whats it like where you live? exciting im sure  night night ****
yes,  by 16 minutes now.
its goin good takin it easy ths weekend  im preparing for the big events comin up for me u girls inspire me 2 do great things!!
thanks! funny cause it's true!
mm. goodnight. going to play rock band 2 'til it's time to watch snl with justin timberlake.
is it too late to jump on a plane to richmond, va and go to the conditions concert?! ...i think that's a yes  boo my life. and ohio.
_is_rad yeah it was **** d: im so tired, i have a headache and now i have to play a game of rygby d: but ill be right  **** <33
i don't wanna work over the weekend
lol. me too..werd...:p...hubby's fave driver is martin so i am happy for him and me!!!
i'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. rwhats wrong with me
peep this remix from 'the wu dynasty' remix tape its delayed but this will give u a idea
tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
ok, it's my 1000th tweet  i'll use it to simply say 'thank you!!'. i've met some of the most giving/caring people on twitter!
lucien kerk, one of our church vocalists
watching 'la rosa de guadalupe' damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins
i hate not bringing my ipod to school
fab new pic by the way
lol! girl that video disturbed me  and i love the hk theme too cute!
i want some followers
the times they are a changing
been in bed for two days with migraines
why are you scared of the mouse? if you can figure out *why* you're scared, maybe you can deal with your fear.
hey! i need that book to go with my amy sedaris.   is finishing it now, you say? ;)
i'm at work!!!! ugghhhhh someone save me now
poor greg  stupid uk, always doing the sympathy vote. xo
i had fries and an arizona at 1130 and that's the only thing i ate today.  feeeeeed meeeeee
....what? i just copyed some other chicks reply and wrote it as my own
up and around a little earlier than i wanted to be (phone rang 5:30 am).  exercise is a good way to start the day, right?
hey there.  how are you. pleasant surprise
right, i must be off to do some sewing. bye x
i'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next.
we are having a day 'at home' today - which is proving to be rather lovely
'somebody calls you, and you answer quite slowly, a girl with kaleidoscope eyes'     yeah, im normal.
please do not let me get obsessed, whatever or whoever is in charge of my actions  you've been doing such a bad job lately
oh yeah he is!  .. you should see him when he really gets going! lol .. doesn't care who doesn't like it heheheheh great!
i know, but i'm on rogers and i'm pretty sure they don't have the same agreement with twitter.
just got the dreaded call from babysitter - little h has bumped her head  sitter says she's fine and goose egg is going down fast
heyy i finally got one too  oh and good luck on your finals today
_rabbit_ i have been begining to think you are showing signs of becoming a sped haha  love ya!
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there! goodnight to everyone else
ugh,what a boring day
yes, koi for a few years now and they have had babies as well.  biggest ones almost 2 ft long now and they all have names ..
whats on my head now? whats on my head next? whats on my head later? so yeah,thats pretty much it
[URL] - aww *-* she has very cute smile
watching the broncos vs chiefs 1994, montana vs elway on nfl network.  i still have nightmares about this game   fu kc!
what am i going to do without my ?!  skype! haha
i just want this semester to be over! only a week and a half then it's moving time!
_gable it's good isn'****! our holiday chalet is out of sight but look v similar to those ones. going home again today
iono...i guess i'm getting off now. l8r twits
hey girl i just sent ya a message on myspace
im sure she'll love em  how was work? x
morning romina.
going to bed after beating the snot out of hubby w/ texas hold em
_foster still not working
yeaaaah lol, i'm just insane
why can't i find any jewellry for my dressssss?
day dreaming of fuzzball and snl  [URL]
i thought you were gonna be at the show
i'm trying my dang hardest to not watch the movie again until i finish the book, again.
awww mate. that's such a shitter
nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks
ha! nice.    that's about all the german you're gonna get from me.  after that, it's just counting and jibberish.
hugs to hubby! i'll probably be in the same place come the 1st of september.
_casagrande haha thanks. but if it keeps raining i might not go
hahaha.. it's ok, how can i hire your mom??! so paiseh.. haha, i shall do all the washing then
nice i must see this
that sucks.  but woot for misha.
check out my song 'time to lose it' on www.myspace.com/flownyce you'll enjoy it i promise
[URL]  dionusia made me do it
_magazine thats no dream for me, thats reality  cs4 is on my wishlist
star wars ............ is **** boo??? i wanna do your job hand it over  u can act as me at my high school   lol
dinner done, shower done, now time to chill with block of chocolate
victory for the bulldogs was celebrated by 3 white chocolate cheesecakes  nom nom nom whatta fattyyy
back to work.  extremely slow now that start up's over.
i miss my boys
playing d.j in ray's ride! on our way to have some delish sushi
can i bring yself to go for the 1000 heroism badges achievement?
is missing out on the sunshine and trying to stay awake after having just 2 hours sleep
learn to fly higher...!  [URL]
guess i'll take a nap
yeah- there was definitely a pillow fight.
last day of school  so sad
my goodbey pressents  [URL]
you too, my friend
thanks, enjoy your dinner tomorrow
charlie brown  what are you doing today? what time is it??
double rainbow above the organs. pretty, but doesn't take the edge off my $460 grocery tab.
keep it that long, people can ffwd if they like (now, if you did aac w/ chapter markers...
work 4 - close
waiting for my friend to come over, so we can hang out!
and all chevre: please follow me at  for chevre only   i'm using  for public tweeting!  thanks!
mooooooooornin'  how are you? are your legs ok?
mama? you're the best thing that ever happen to me. thanks for everything  & and sorry for hurting you... i love you!  <3
thanks for agreeing with me
thundershowers plus baseball equals awwww
i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now..
today's aba has been full of emotional tears  #asd #autism some days are harder than others.  its hard to not intervene  poor baby
o and i have to wear a **** jacket today cos i didnt notice a mark on my shirt...
omg  when do they finish??
mind telling me which book  cuz i was at barnes and nobles today and found 2 books that looked promising
called about it, no answer shall try again tomorrow
how dare you apologize to the uk for being gone for a while but don't apologize to america for never touring here at all!!!
im sad right now becuz of my lady
cannot go, cannot refused to feel the pain
is pretty hammered drunk! props to me! two nights in a row!!!
so drunk!  love u guys!
thanks for the follow back
i can has cheeseburger
awww
soo tired, couldn't get enough sleep
everyone must watch this...it's snowball the dancing bird & he will make your day...i promise!  [URL]
sorry to hear that.
well....not the spurs!!!
it would still involve me standing up. lol. windows are too high up. guess im just gonna have to go out
have to leave to meet  now. i'm looking forward to seeing him, but i'm so not done what i wanted to. boo-urns. wish i was @ work.
[URL] -   i ahte stress, its supposed to be friday! it makes me wanna cry
blastinggg music.
i don't think it was either. but i can't remember it.
hey, you know the trailers before hannah montana? is there a jonas brothers 3d concert experience trailer?  x
back from the yoga retreat. i recommend this to everyone
it's depressing i'm stuck inside all day
,.. oh the mint lounge ...awesome night
okay one of my ears popped so now i know what everything sounds like and everything is reall loud
thank you  saw your comment on the chew aerobics, really tickled me
_w_a cool, looking forward to it now
tried to edit the page but couldn't add my name  can you pop me on the list please!
sorry i can not reach either url
so sorry to hear your terrible news   thinking of you all x
oh i wish my dear michael, i wish
he's totally ignoring me!! how sad!  i am heartbroken
i would like some macaroni and cheese please....no?
kewl the jb chat was awesome. i had to miss lots of it though cause i had 2 go 2 skewl
gasp!!! i love it!!! thank you so much for sharing tim!!
of the back of their heads  [URL]
up and at work im ina good mood
they tryna get me 2 sing on mic n i said no no noooooooo
it's so sad  [URL]  i love kelly! <3
got let go today
congrats on the invisalign! i need to get refitted for mine - i got lazy and stopped wearing them.
watched prison break special, such a sad ending
_eleni i love you too!
have you read angels & demons? what do you think of it if you have? oh and beautiful sunny weather here in provence.
i sent one abrams  and it was all surrounded with weather
but i hate being me
good morning fella   i have the joy of work to do today.  what are your plans?
_o uh, could you come visit austin before you make your gigantic moving decision? it's closer to st louis than portland.
yup slowly recovering. it sucks that i can't eat the stuff i'm craving right now. my gums can't take it. how was your trip?
i tried registering on the website. no go, i get an error with all 4 browsers. firefox, chrome, ie, safari.
oh, wow, you're fast   how's life going ? it's been 6 months ya ? xd
? today  and tomorrow at  taipei, anyone  free for drink?  [URL]
now feels like a dork for using the wrong ping group
wishing you were here too babe.. we'd have a ball
part of my neuroanatomy take-home test.  after this, iï¿½m... [URL]
it's the little thing that links us to england
work is ded  out tonite tho eeeeeee
thanks for the r/t, i was hoping i had some *classy* followers
oh duh....i see that now .....thank you....
using my old phone!  gosh! i miss this phone!
isn't that a local dish? borrow
no not yet i ate a couple ;) i love reeces but they are hard to get in nz, i stock up bigtime in the states
but then again i think i'm the only who pays attention to this type of thing, bout to hit this bush and pretend its purple.....
but i am one in a million
can you come with the guys to brazil? we'll love if this happened!
wild oats pinot grigio = v easy to drink
is desperatly hoping my dad takes me to vanessa's game
getting ready for a going-away dessert reception for a colleague who's off to grad school.
what!?!
i just love it when  hot policemen come into my work
*hugs*  i'm so sorry.. anything i can do?
i've already done my washing, i have a spring in my step this morning
pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade
oh no!  thats no good! i pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade, but we had a no piercings dress code
probably the best birthday i've ever had. i got to spend it with all my favorite people.
the trains turned into a microwave
hasa lemon cake in the oven and is going on to make pork casserole  domestic or what!
straightening my hair
kudai a pop rock band from chile is the last one taking the stage tonight.
working till 5....why are they playing miley cyrus on the company radio and not adele?
going to watch some tv now - crazy night out - up at 7am for work tomorrow  i'll live somehow! at least it means i finish early!
i dont think i have ever laughed so hard
why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.
took a kind-of nap, too. my tummy hurts.
wow, i broke my toe today on a stupid piece of concrete!  lame! job searching then sight seeing with brittany.
yea, it's my road-warrior / workaholic lifestyle...
i'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  i will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
cant wait till ur may 22 show!!  u better stop by and hang out in newcastle  ****
molly was born on my birthday!!!! *cue twilight zone music*
bon voyage birthday brother @ mccarran! cyah again vegas in july. havent slept yet & class @ 1  .. such a fun weekend
i feel the same way, but i guess no matter where you are there will always be memes.
transferring 368558682 photos is annoying.. i want to watch up
hello twitter
was busy talking with mom and bhabhi.. they liked the cards bro and me made for them  now waiting for sis to get back from church..
hey did you get any more info about your graduation? and i think my mom's gonna let me go to cp, if you guys still wanna go!
walking the dog on horseforth park, no hangover on a sunday morning, yay!!
so im playing hooky from work and it feels good  gonna go get ma hair did! .......i wonder how fitzsimmons is doing?
endless set list... very long... grueling almost... also, sent to gordo's cell cuz he's no longer communicating with the internet in 140.
i didn't wake up early enough to go roller blading  contrary to a tributary, i flow endlessly
oh ok  i guess next time then!
-hi lady! sorry for the delayed response. appreciate the luv.will be in t.o this month.. hows everything going with you?
a girl in my big hair rock today, black velvet baby  ? [URL]
in anticipation of him making me a cup of tea, i'm agreeing. now it must happen!  no, he is awesome.
omg man  i'll pray for ya
today has been a nice positive  fun day , after several weeks of bum days
*meow* a week ago today  was here and we were road trippin
hey ruthie girl... u send me all these lovely twitts but never respond!  i'm hurt... how's mikey and dion?
very well thank you! how are you, more importantly?
is feeling very sick
[URL] - thats actually adorable! ooh how i miss dude
no, but geek minds think alike.
lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on him, his story of the year key chain..
weird as usual, but ok... that's why we like it
_78 elaine's my online mommy too. she gives good advice.
is goin out  to  dinner!
lol, good luck with that ;) love your vid for ybwm
thank u
me! i wanted to go.
haha have good dreams  haha best friends forever! haha. be sweet to presh bailey   zd?b;p
on my way
just started feeling bad again  ugh. i hate it when i don't feel good!!
lol i <3 spongebob
ahh dang of course it had to do that  she better e-mail you back fast!
good morning!  ? [URL]
hahaha i have a bob marley one
new stripey top day!
wants to go home
whyd u feel awful after last night?
if it's any consolation, you're definitely one of the hottest gg's, imho
anybody wanna comment me?  [URL]
: where are you?
feel so out of the loop. no twitter on my desktop and haven't listened to  weekly or read engadget in ages
lol girl i cannot stop!!! i am a student, i can't afford $14 a pop eyeshadows. but i am so hooked
i want 2 but i dinna hink it'll get shown in elgin n got nae1 2 go with(n)
being upset
ahh, your baby is so cute! happy mother's day!
buy one of my shirts at [URL] you know you want to
_man im fully obsessed with their burritos enchilado style. my mom doesnt wanna go with me tho
misses home on the farm
thanks
_illustrated me too! its hard to argue w/ him 'cause he makes some great points, i just can't wrap my heart around that one
i love being in charge
needs to stop taking photos with other people's cameras!  luckily, photos have been delivered
morning twitter
watched coraline last night. it was really good. the animation was excellent and the creativity was inspirational.
brad paisley+alison krauss- whiskey lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!
twitter has been foking up for me today arg!  1 and 1/2 hours of work till the weekend! woooooo
yes, and i really hoped to do one last gas price story... but i guess it wasn't meant to be!!!
where's the story?! i wanna know! i wanna know!
blue skies? where, it's still grey and hazy out of my window
happy mother's day to my sweet mum
looool chips and ketchup ya waili 3alaiiik! let's have some fish fingers  i'm not too sure about baked beans though.
spending mother's day with mom.
i hear u. i can barley keep up with the followers i currently have. its tuff on a mobile device.
looking forward to following your journey on this endeavor - just subscribed to your blog
hates that my a.c doesn't work! its so hot
happy star wars day!!!
having real bad headache..
hanging out with the goddaughters
finished death du jour. school's out.  nerd.
_happy_emox lmao. lucky! it's 10 minutes on foot for me  ewww..... school.lol. on the bus now.
*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i'm out.. i might disappoint everyone else here..
is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today
working on my resume while listening to the rain and enjoying a circus boy
i'm always the last one in the office....especially on friday
it was an app that changed your wallpaper to one of several hundred at random intervals. it's hard to find good wallpapers.
lol, get to your bed
poor wavves. had a meltdown in barcelona. drummer walked out. shoes were thrown. hands in face.
i want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh.
thinks malibu is the drink for me lets all hit the bottle  woop woop ****
of course lol about to eat more
@_ianne i'm at the terrance middle by the left side center. i see u
awe man, i hope someone turns it in
have @ irma vep rehearsals. no...not really.
heavenly donuts at 11:30 at night...sounds like a heavenly match to me.  siyal8r
i need some serious cheering up
not for too long i hope x
i sent you a fr yesterday.
scared  waiting for the call
r u still there? ? i guess not    i want to talk to you
_j i soo dont wanna work tmrw!  ...only on a half day tho so hopefully the sun will stay out for me! gonna go get showered, tweet l8rs
wow no one loves me
mon ami since 5 years young  i loveeee her. foreverrr
oh noes!! melted ice cream = do not want.
whatever pung ! haha.. i dont care. jk
retweeting's my favorite.    #palin
boognish wishes clemmie would be nice to me  [URL]
geez sorry to hear steph, i hope things improve soon. i know that ain't much sorry
ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them
listens to msi and bakes banana bread. how weird is she? remarkably not so much anymore.
grrr..stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game
i haven't been replying to people because seriously, i haven't refreshed twitter for a while.  sorry.   thanks.
watching role models.. absolutely hilarious
is feeling the effects of spring. my sinuses are killing me
just got done working out....relaxing than off to work
come overhere then, the dutch don't dub  might go in an hour #bringtaraback
i have to admit, i'm a bit bummed out that i wasn't with my friends walking today....
stuck in traffic on the 91 on the way to costa mesa
thank you for approving my application at the twa forum, honey. keep up the good work
you are such a positive thinker, i am for sure keeping you around!
woke up to the sound of my neighbor getting a new roof
oh i'm sorry hun  (((****)))) i'm fine thanks.....kids are driving me nuts, but hey ho, they're back to school on monday!!
it's mother's day! went out to lunch to celebrate and then went shopping for a gift for my mom
now that i think about it, when i get to the states they'll probably still be touring so they won't be at home  dammit!
july... too long
oh yes! i was amazed! it was so nice! next we can go drive it! that's if they trust us! haha
awww. rusks are good for tummy aches though :p try fennel or camomile tea  works. or obviously try ...
tea...  mmmm crispy but no cake  have headphones!
**** i hate this weather this **** sucks! i wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this
tierd.i just want to talk
i think it goes against everything i thought the olympic spirit of team gb is/was
thanks for asking, sarah  i am glad tomorrow (5th) is a holiday here in korea. i will have some rest and i will be right as rain.
umm how abt a comment like that :p 'i dont like this'
so ur name is also naina
big day 2day the xt launch was amazing! so much free stuff thanx 2 the edge and telecom! found the phone i want...cnt afford it yet tho
awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn't do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet! maybe it was a 24 hour thing? :s
adsense exchange rate 1 : 47.060 ($ : inr )
ah sorry to hear that, just saw pic of chi. and looks cool  i got beagle and ori-pei
i saw an all red audi on the highway. i sped uo to it hoping it was you. my loss
super bummed the whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...i now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go
dave thanks for playing happy birthday from nkotb. today is my bday! it is a lonely bday today.
it seems like everyone us watching x-men now, i feel like i've started a revolution  feels nice
hello, i see your online, can u talk to me pleeez!  from a fellow bamf. lol
wow.. purple leopard skin.  fieeerrceee..
i want to see you on tour!
tired of hearing stories about everybody going to ibiza...
_souljaa i couldn't eat 2
top cashier at work today! woot woot! now off to have a drink...
i'm not going on the cruise. wish i was, but i'm just going on vacation. thanks though
you guys rocked it tonight in la!! love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon
i'm definitely make-up challenged. so, curling lashes and 'tined' moisturiser? does this tip come with a glossary?
this is the earliest i've been up for ages! body is crying to go back to sleep... must resist! a shower should do the trick
going to the chiro to see what is wrong with my bum ankle.
i just arrived in the office.. i am preparing myself for a very busy day, listening debussy.... those songs always makes me feel better
thought i'd check out home, that was 10 minutes ago, downloading update, now home square....that's why i can't be bothered with it sony
hahah yeah, i had the same problem. tomorrow there is a bday dinner for terry at 7:30 so i don't think we'll see the fight
mines curly atm  i want mine to be straight lmao
i didn't get it. although, as it's a religious thing i think i'll let that one slip by...
ideas gallore!!  rock opera ftw!!!! yes tweets kayleigh and i are writing a rock opera.  for more info email us: coatandkay.com
is gonna have an irish wedding
two rooms packed and cleaned, three to go
want to get my hands dirty with fubumvc. [URL] but the documentation is not yet complete
listen to back around by  ...love this song. meet  tomorrow ^.^ but we canï¿½t go swimming  sorry
:20somethin' single
inoo thats why i sed ino how u feel coz im in love with kyle, i feel like such a saddo but its true ha i wanna see him tuesday
_truesdale lmao! you a mess.  im gonna be in atl in a few weeks
wow, that's cool  bytheway, i love your new tv show
i think i have some tea somewhere. it's probably old though.
dang you internet. . . its been down all night. . .
goodness gracious my chair broke
britt - had to do it she came all the way down to say 'may the fourth be with you' - our work is done
through the fire and flames - dragonforce
sounds like you won backstage passes
haha. if you like him, then you should go
and trash repops.  getting it tomorrow night i suppose.
just finished work nd now waiting in the freezing cold drinking a mango magic, haha fail t.t mama, wheree are yu ? i'm cold
? ? ? you can't be 29...on sugar mountain...(or so people tell me...)  ? ? ?
-thanks i hope i do 2  iv been playing dmc4 like 5 times kinda sick of it hehe
this week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo
prank calls
is there anyway you could forgive me?
goin to drive-in movie for the first time
__diamond brown but it looks black  at least its not red cos it would have looked like a period stain :/ <3
hangover
thx girl! i just now woke up! i cnt believe i'm sick!! now i have a fever... wish i could pound nyquil  this sucks.
excited to see my cousins this week.
i corrected myself
lovin' my new blackberry
impressive fever!  best wishes to her, hope it's nothing serious
pretty happy with how things have changed over the past 2 months...definitely for the best
beautiful day... and im working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
lol. u got ac right? u know it's getting chill here again...  n its gona rain tmr
back on track with the transcription process. still can't stop my lappy overheating, though
happy mother's day to you as well!  have a good one!
it's maiko's (keyboards) birthday today! he's been a good boy. maybe he'll get presents.
is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend
that's the only way to get things done. no distractions
nnnaaa uhhhh playah! shawty aint got nun, maybe it was ur phone or mines  but i wanted to hit me up when u left the studio
i had a nightmare last night *cry* i think i am scarred for life!
handed in. can relax a bit now.
i'll miss y'all back... give  my regards...
they were actually there omg apparently a relative of marc went to my school lol
is home
bandung, my hehe but i'm home now
_devi thankyou. i wont but you know
follow?
aweee im sorry  but deep down u know i love ya!
count me in
nailing some webconcepting *in the zone*. i should be awarded..
malibu make me sleepy  and he doesn't want to text me when i'm drinking, silly him. maybe i'll ring you later ;-)
really cant be bothered going to work tonigh, its too nice to be stuck inside
i miss you!  come to michigan like now....i can't wait till july
i give it 2 snaps down  how's work going?
i found a ride...yes!!! liquor here i come
[URL] - the most amazing decoration of a store i've ever seen... & it's almost been 2 years
so afraid my daughter's gonna write a memoir where i'm some ungodly mix of miles & betty davis in all about eve
on the north im boomin!!!.. lol.. fucc the club dog i rather count a million buccz!!!..  ..they call me starbuccz ****!!!..
i already did..
the phones are lit up like christmas trees. go to work people. you don't have to get everything done on monday.
coming home tomorrow with a car full of treasures
doesn't wanna get dressed up and be an adult today.
watchin what a girl wants with mom and brittany..
yes, i liked it very very much  it wasn't even cheesy!
what good role models...  i like how yinz think!
i hav a chance to win $10, $100, $1000.  i was given a free can of $ plant..have to wait till the plant grow to know if i won anythin!!?!
i'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face, all numb.  but no more toothache or sinus pain.
we can't even call you from belgium  sucks
nuuuuu, i totally love may, it's the best for me cos i was born in may
pups i would love to..butt i will be saving lives saturday night  although i know i am missing a blast
rain finally arriving, drat. guess this means we'll have to picnic in the living room instead of at wolftrap tonite.
is working
i beat aye to the music hall.  babyy, im like the cinnamon that beat the apple to the apple jacks.
with matt.
so sad...sorry to hear that.  she was a sweet dog.
waiting for the bus back from cripple creek to pick up the twizzler town seems kinda quiet tonite    *rolynn719*
- all is fine  thanks! you guys dont have any quakes there?
is sad his new sb6 cd's got nicked
hahahaha! i laughed my **** off just now. thanks
awwwwww....i know that feeling!!
that's not how we share links on twitter  yours is [URL] and you can view your stats at [URL]
lucky to be where i belong
went to eastgardens and saw a lot of hillsong pastors there now im going to nicks for dinner. cant wait to talk to you soon
haha, nice! ;) thanks for letting me know!
[URL] - she's so festive aint' she hehe
yeah it is
sooo, i spent most of my day sitting at home in front of the computer in my pajamas...i love these days.
i tried to help
oh phew you scared me. i wont have any access when im in mexico
is anyone there?  please say hello - i'm feeling lonely
i.m with u on the internet surfing part lol but we.re drinking
nice! it's days like today i wish we had a garden
nope, re-reading it all over again.     no offense meant
follow friday rickbaker24 i only have 6 friends
happy meal - b.o.b. toy  [URL]
just had a falling out with nick
woke up really late today. just had breakfast. planning to stay home, watch tv shows and do nothing. eat too.
turn on your closed caption ... then you can read and watch animal planet at the same tiime.
wishing all the mommies a happy mother's day
****...plans were canceled.....another friday night at home
you mustv'e read my mind. i was going, but now it's thunderstorming and i have to pick up the boys from the bus stop
me too! please come online *-* hope you've had an amazing weekend
it's sunny and i feel really well today!  yippeee!
is feeling like he has a bad flu. yes. bad. flu.
buenos dias! how very sweet, thank you
had to eat my sandwhich since guys were in a meeting. no sushi to brag about.
i guesss
i will watch that at some point. have it on hd but stace also wants to see it in hd so waiting
thank u!!! u kno ppl already look @ my chest ne ways might as well give them somethng to throw them off! lol!
now i am doing the microeconomics project  ihate this subject & beside that i have the english ilets exam tomorrow, waaa ,help !!
just finished watching terminator. other than the music nothing is great
hey are you there?oyy i geas you sleep...
thankies! btw, what part of scotland do you live in? i never got to visit the uk at all when i lived in europe
awesome ronin121
no, not yet  i have 3 weeks left!! :o do you have summer holidays now?
just saw ghost of girlfriends past  it was actually really cute for a total chick flick. mattew mcconaughey is smexy
he's hard to please, methinks he has the picture in his head just fine
thanks   our little girl just loves animals so all the 'oohs' and 'aahs' were very cute!
life is so boring without you
hi man, yeah i so wanna go, but i'm on maui  #liloven
good morning tweeters... happy monday!  grab a big cup of coffee it's a new week
happy mothers day to all you mi.. mothers out there.   thanks for doing what you do .. whatever that is
happy mum's day! i kinduhh have a major crush on alex johnson from the cab
i won't leave you alone until you accept my appology
i lost friends, when i didnt do anything
oh i see   so what are you having today?? hehe
hey everyone! i just mixed the first single....!  'why r u' ...i'm sooo excited!
i was watching parental control
unc budget  cuts may rise to 18%   [URL]
i'm in the garden. making pictures, weed an sweep. the weather is nice!! see you l8ter people!
look, i'm following you!
done with exams...now focusing on summer school...dayuumm life's hard
i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!
someone just bought the domain i planned on buying yesterday ****
what software do you use to design sites? i'm a cs student and currently i hard code everything. it's not the fastest way...
we should definately be in paris that week. if i get a job we most certainly will be
having bigi & tokyo fashion spree tmr  check out sih web ^____^
at le mont's door ..it's closed maybe they are too rich  passed pairung as well
taking my brother to the airport  then gym.
_company hey kathy, happy mother's day!
actually, my friend gave me the files today! lol but those are all cda files... do u know how to convert them to mp3?
boom, and if you will, boom! saw the movie last night - really enjoyed it
i was too sleepy earlier and i didnt get to see matt
that blip is not to be misconstrued as qs on last night's convo... it's just a song i really love & that rocks my morning
lunch was going home to rest...not well today
headed to waterfront for a quick drink with the office peeps...corsen building of course was booked  any suggestions?
i promised myself i would spread the cards around india...and i only gave someone a deck & then never gave them out
note to self: don't wear steel toes to the court house, i'm just sayin
_gaba evrytime i listen to the name of tat plce i am reminded of mojojojo from dexter's lab
upset.. friday night crying!
me too baby... miss you
needless to say, i didn't stay to find cache#90.
may have unintentionally snubbed someone due to my ineptness/shyness. feel badly
i will be without an assistant for the next week
sweet dreams!
@_chellebelle_ hey! aww i cnt view it in the uk they're blocked  what it it??x
: oh. the voting is over!  but don't worry, i already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!
even if it is spf 55. besides you don't need ****. you are just putting more chemicals on you face. spf 30 is a full block.
i never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they are, but getting a burrito from chipotle or qdoba doesn't feel right without em
i like it too  i hadn't seen the clip before, though; pretty cool!
hmz... second most popular page on this governmental site is the 404 page... fail
oooh lush. i cant sunbathe i burn way to easily even with sun cream   im great thanks lovely sunny day no?
yess  you?
i have no idea wtf im doing
no one is bringing snacks
- we wouldn't miss it for the world!  iccvb meetings  mon-wed....  the fun is just beginning
i brought a buffalo 320gb for 3800...it has the fastest transfer rate for a usb hdd...i benchmarked it at 34mb/s on my comp!!!
great !!! your book looks fantastic ? i want it
() ugh, i love tila. haters need to shut up
's mum asked us to thank you for introducing us to kenny's - we're having mother's day dinner here
why im not sleeping  !!
guess it was too much to hope for me to have a nice relaxing mothers day!... happy mothers day mommies
great reason!! : 'i'll be there  : 'trying to find an excuse to go to la for 5/22 show ... ? [URL]
[URL] - eeeeeeeeeee!!!!! it came!!!!
hanging out with sam, billy, and veronica. not going to school tomorrow to take sam to body shops. dang car accidents
my monitor won't turn on. this can only be the work of my mother.
added 3 more spots in memphis today and visited 2.  needed a hot dog icon for a new restaurant so had to settle for a hamburger
i have 2 get out this house
i'm such a nerd. reading my first of many books this summer
argh!! watching batman
i'm good-making a list of things to do today.i have a week off in a few days,i dont want to be doing these chores things then!
my aim is not working due to network problems
hey nia! i used to be the pd at hot 102.9 in dayton. i met you in cincinnati at the wiz christmas party. hope all is well!
i know   but its better than nothing
its too early to be up
im fine also..up way to early..lol...soo those r all ur dogs? to kut3 ..i def want a pit! lol
learning to play guitar is one of the best things i have done out of boredom
i need to move to ny, sanfran, or seattle to get worth-a-**** internet speeds
i hate feeling like this
watching click, they are talkin about twitter and celebritytweet  im just gonna get ready for work
finishing homework.  booo
wish i was @ wembley
sounds like you've had a nice weekend lady!
wee. done with advance audit paper
hello pal..nice 2 c u today...have a gr8 week
just got home and counting the days till friday
watching matilda with a bowl of noodles
doin homework ugh
thanks madam.. you're lucky coz you had a wonderful dog.. and sooo cute...
hehe...until it comes back, your fb friends get a twitter respite huh? jk!
learn learn!... we can learn together!
i listening your album on youtube. so awesome. but i can't buy it
for the most part, not enough space on one drive to properly defrag, nowhere else to put stuff, but yeah, reassembled
-i don't have a ticket, my boyfriend isn't that into them, it might rain, and i'm on a budget...boo!  i <3  tho
trying to figure out what to do tonight. see the game? social events w. friends? or stay home and play the s**t out of my drums
aww i heard i just missed you two  &  !
my head feels sooooooooooo much better
had a pretty good day. let's see how the night goes. ;-) oh i have to work all day tomorrow no picnic for me
happy star wars day  - may the fourth be with you
the mothers day classic went really well, despite the cold 5.30am start
watching the original sabrina the teenage witch movie. so different from the series but so rad
needs to wash her cats. uncool.
oh hell, i forgot the non-alcoholic cider for monday's dinner. mpp is teetotaler. now must drive to waupoos. have 7 cases of wine in car.
my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee.
you know i love me some jordie...but that is not the best version of cg, admit it....lol...
[URL] - patrick should come here and say hi!
bumper sticker: 'if you don't want to stand up for our troops, feel free to stand in front of them' thank you to all in the military
you should come out!!
fun fun night  miss you. night tweets
what day is it? what's #ff? i'm worst than you
can i have some followers :' ( ... i'm so sad...    now that i'm losing hope -pressure
my goodness! another hit, another run!!!
someone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loose, some might even be missing
and no i didn't burn the eggs.  we had a blast and the food was great all weekend. we had an awesome carne asada too.
i have just looked the time and it is #bgt in 20mins. i may hibernate for an hour or so.
ok so my sister is going camping i'm so mad because i have to work tomorrow      have fun
its 1:47 here... hmm wat to do? not sleep for shure!
i've had a sore throat since monday morning ...i'm just sick of it hurtin and i want some freakin sleep!
allergies suck ducks nuts.     <=====8=====>
we are both following and i don't think i have seen him online lol
yaayy, cannot wait for today girls!  gotta get dressed this early, because were going early!
when will medhurst play again?
i feel like an m&m mcflurry  mmm... but i won't get one coz i need to look good for when i go to the states!!! 7 weeks 2 go aaaaahhhh!!!
ugh just got out of work i think i'm a dang taxi for ppl but i just can't say no!!!!  o well its my fault
is anybody up? .... i'm sooo bored!
well, i effed the iphone.  it was nice knowing you
watched wolverine yesterday ... a spur of the moment kinda thing. awesome! so proud that a south african director did that
i don't like fishfingers. i don't like fish or seafood really. but enjoy it
had lunch at a japanese sushi restaurant & i ordered in japanese as i usually do in sushi places. cambodian waitress didn't have a clue
getting cds ready for tour
left a comment on your blog post
wishing i could go out of town this weekend
and of course it happens on the day i got a carwash.
_precious06 sooo mad
well, #evernote is giving away wireless sd cards 4 fllwng thm on twitter & tweeting abt #evernote_eyefi but us/can only  [URL]
i expected it to be warm as usual and now i'm stuck wearing a sun dress on a cold day
really good, but it's definitely not a 12's. so many people getting burned alive
i cantttt.  my grandparents are here.
it's too hot to be sat in an office!  i wanna be out in the sun shineeeee.
i need to look at apartments tomorrow
_y_tony i had pad thai 3 times last night  ragoons lol yumb
aww thanks jon that's very thoughtful...u know how to make the ladies feel special
youtube is made of fail right now. or maybe it's just me that it hates.
huh  ? what's wrong with unix environment dev's ?
just installed windows 7 rc, so far no mushroom cloud yet.
fidel has no balls
i am horrible at appraising peer work. what are these americans thinking when they compose poems? or maybe i am the one with the problem.
she has an awsome voice. bored nothin to do i should really consider  going back to school yeah right i'd rather cry of boredom  forever
tell your friends to tie you to the railing. i expect a tweet tomorrow about headaches and feeling tired
i guess you're not talking about orlando magic ! there was nothing magical about it
_r_roberts i look forward to seeing and sharing
that's kinda cute, to be honest
isnt it only like 3 episodes though? sad
going to take it quite easy today actually. yesterday was great but it took a lot of energy out of me. going out for some pirating later.
_coza  yep. live and learn
[URL] - lmao, it's true
... go to that person and click the green arrow *following*, then you'll see *remove*
now that's what i like to hear!   you won't unfollow us little people on twitter when you make it big will u?
my poor baby i think it's allergies! can i do amything about it bc he's been that way sence monday
leaving minneapolis, doing some homework and going to watch my brothers tennis match later
i'm watching some of your videos in youtube. you're funny david.  oh and talented of course!
i wish i could sleep forever
classic snl digital short tonight! be my mother lover  ha ha... too good!
i'm going to miss the seniors so much!  don't goo!
theres nothing like your own pillow.
i had a really good day today
wtf? twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -i wanted to be able to twit while on vacay.   poo on you twitter
hav a pork scratching
is getting ready to go over to the apartment
_mueller yes i love it  its just a little bit complicated, because i want it on my bb , but it doesnt work
wallace and gromit is on bbc1
8 of my 11 followers are random spammers
it's too nice to be inside
goooood luck!
happy mom's day
wow... i was tricked into the #hoppusday hype today....
nah, he was acting like a **** - his show sucked last night
mcm is still my next main event.  i'll be happy to get back running soon.  still run-less for 10 days.
_sprigge  keen skydivers take off thousands of times in planes but rarely land in them
last library day before doomsday. urgh. was nice to wake up with my j-bum though. he's still sleeping now. cute
lol. sorry bout today  ..did u get them?? & what else r u guyz doinq cuz i have to c if im eligable [howeva itz spelled lol]
happy mother's day to all the momma's to be and mommas currently.  have a wonderful day!!!
12 more days until ca!! i get to see my paniniii
early monday cramming... yay. only a few weeks left
lol.. **** monkey
omg...thank you so much for sending that, i hadn't seen yet. so loving the new phoenix, too bad they're not coming to seattle
****, need to replace macbook display. chf 670 for work and hardware - almost half of the mb price
mashup monday! in honour of the swine flu hysteria  ? [URL]
just checked library website and girl with dragon tattoo is checked out
maybe i was wrong, this week could have stayed good, but it didn't
what happened to your phone
rock week  i don't think danny's gonna go home this week  he's never been in the bottom three.. and he's a really good singer
back again. almost the last haul.  - at wagner's casa in bend [URL]
happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
went to the dmv today.....some things never change
i hate my arrival in the employee parking lot!
okay.. so someone has my keys or they are -really- good at this 'hide from james' game.
well i just got home and its not on till tmw at 530p but with comcast its on right now  but i didnt miss it
exactly!!
just hanging with my bestie
happy mother's day to all mothers!
it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset
mmmmmmm. i love espresso......the app, that is. i guess the real thing helps me work efficiently too
_1210 holy ****, i need to see that! too bad i gotta wait until tomorrow
i'm only allergic to some bunnies. are you allergic to all fur? that sucks! isn't that cosmic irony, a furry allergic to fur!
i just found out about the giveaway.. i wish i would have known sooner  what happens with the unclaimed cities?
aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she won't be working with me anymore
... rather than outdated & bigoted at worst, and outdated, patronising, imperialist, monoculturalist & self-righteous at best.
apparently the big fear over the swine flu has passed.   no seat on the subway for me this morning
morning everyone!!!
i cant go on fb. i found out im an alien one morning, and aliens aren't allowed on fb  but yayy congratses!! i miss yew tew
your dm never sent
thanks so much jon.....same to your mom    that is so sweet of you to think of all of us
my home made red velvet cupcakes were pretty **** good! now to master the frosting... goodnight!
i have been to tara thai a few times for friend's birthdays and the food i had was pretty bad.
are you still taking calls? we were next to talk to you and we got disconnected before you got now.
be clear, i am catholic, but wholeheartedly agree with you.  ('same here' was ambiguous) #tcot #hhrs
i wanna go to the extra show really bad
i love that show. i would totally go on time bandit #deadliestcatch tpg:'love ocean, crab legs suspense'
awww thats not fair to me. now im a lil sad
rawr and whatnot. i am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than i expected.
i tweet sooo much about you. gahd.  hahaha!
owww i think i tore something in my leg
we r the lost troopers. but i want to know
just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  defo uggo! lol
really all that? i'll look for it and will report back
o i c. i have no excuses i just love bein comfy
i cant use my blackberry today. this sucks.
i'm off to see a movie ('17 again')
b/c you catnapped...cats always have weird dreams
ahhh i am sooo happy ashley tisdale is in germany but i am not in oberhausen...  but i will show it in the tv at 8 o' clock
college work sucks so much!
do you have another account here??
off to work..
that is definitely an easier way of saying it, yes
watchin gilmore girlz
whew, the first night and day of summer were.....very sad  but, i have jess's grad party to go to tonight!!!
i can't keep it
why does my boss have to come in today.....
i still haven't figured out what to do with them, sadly  so it'll take some more research before i know what's what.
that wasn't nice
yes, though perhaps i wasn't thinking. i like vague. it seems a popper term for you.
is getting ready for an awesome service!  - [URL]
i cant sleep ughh n i have registration tomorrow at 11 this suxs   *shooting star*
i'm probably going to be doing the same thing
argh! color me jealous! that rain i asked for the other day still hasn't gone away
dude, i pestered army personnel at mumbai airport to let me hold it so much that they had to *request* me to leave
california
what i meant to say: at yardhouse, waikiki.  's bday    (she should dj!) & some dozen others
just made it home, time for a shower and some breakie, off out to blackpool later for some lunch
thanks!!!!  like i said on facebook, you just made me awesomely happy.  thanks.
thats soooo pretty. mine havnt flowered for years
confused on why and how people pose as others on twitter. i mean they really do their homework on peoples lives to imitate them. it's sad
lookin for work via online, watchin shaycarl's latest vlog entry on youtube and textin a lady friend.  my beds calling my name though..
omg .. my memory must have failed me! very weird since i do not normally forget because of my profession!
great... i'll check it when i get off work...  they block sims at work...
i'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/
buongiorno !!! woke up and of for my italian lunch
i leave the 27th, back the 5th or 6th.
you have to follow me before i can dm ya
cleaning the house! im so boring..
happy mothers day... *i love you mom...*
ha ha surprisingly well considering!! having a good time in the sun up in the mountains
gives you a haiku status (inspired by michelle yuen)  the sun is shining a perfect day glorious day outside my office
loves surprises, but is never surprised
you are very much welcome
heading to bed with a book. good night
yes lol that's good one .remeber that bottoms are always the top .
still awake lol finished talking to a really good brawl player. we talking in smashspace.ning.com  join the website if you like ssbb!
waaah.. i can't open my eyes wider! i wanna go back to sleep but i can't sleep properly..
at my cousins wake
wow, not free wifi && you have to pay for parking!? reduculous!!!
i been following.... lol.. just dont be paying attention to little ol mylan
[URL] - that is fantastical
frank from ups' last day today...  sad to see him go   best delivery guy ever!  hope the new guy is not a fucktard...
well if you're ever headed back to the west coast, hit me up. i have a tiny place, but we can hack and hang out at the beach
had a brill night out with the girls - met terry christian at tv21! he was really lovely. home to berocca and toast
eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(
sad day. i was lucky enough to realize it before i got out of the parking lot.
wish i was famous like some of d people im following
i'm so mad that im going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida
happy mother's day to all the mommies out there...we love you.
phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet
saw hannah montana movie today!! was the best!!!!!! was awesomeeeeee!!!!!!  hannah  and miley rocks! lol
getting anxious for blink- 182's new album!
feeling like i'm gonna fall asleep any time now but i can't.
hanging with my cousin jimmy then hopefully hanging with my friend
@ all mothers, happy mother's day, at all non-mothers, happy sunday, the 10th of may.
i'm at work trying hard not to succumb to the 'poor me' mentality due to severe allergies.  boo.
relaxing.
has got to look for a job this weekend
has just bought attics to eden by madina lake  it's totally amazing
is sad coz hyd theka's dont have beer
rsvp-ed qiuqiu's wedding invitation
i'm currently into emarosa. their new album is the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! haha
congratulations mr. jay-el and mrs. maricar chu! wish you all the best in the world!
have somebody installed vcenter server 4 on windows 2008 x64 w sp2?  sp2 is not in the compability matrix
my new landlord just called.. i cant move in until tomorrow morning  way to rain on my parade..
ngh episode 28 is out! check it out!
can't wait to make that call tomorrow. gotta keep moving forward!
finally done with my project !  now its 3:12 am  haha goodnights ! <3
yeah, i just realise the organiser dun let performing artist/djs drink on stage  tight malaysian laws n rules here
great long-weekend so far   going for a run now - no judo tonight  then off to blue water for some 'retail therapy'
thank you.
my hundreth update  happy mothers day. i love you mum! even with all the fuss and fighting, you're still the one and only.
ha, yea you are so not allowed days of rest, way too many interesting ideas to incorporate into tweetdeck
05/30 - first session  yay me!
help. my computer has a virus. i had to place my etsy shop into vacation mode until i can sort this out. i don't know what to do!
looooooooooooool thanks
thank u soooooo much lil mama xoxo
such a nice day today but stuck indoors revising  3 weeks and it is all over!!
. tickets, i need my tickets, where are my tickets. i want my ticketttttss
got it at answered
just started on here and i already see  and  are by far the biggest talkers, er, i mean tweeters!
i just saw a load of ambulances & police cars & a car smashed up with a roof lying in the road.  :'(  that's 1 man dead 4 sure.    .
1 month 3 wks till the big day!   ~csh
cause my eyelids are not deep set.  thanks it would help me a lot.
goodnight twitterworld. i'll tweet y'all later.  goodnight, j.
it's those little things you do, that make me love you.
pirate voice:aaarrrggghhh!!! i 4got my **** wallet at work shermk!!! dammit!!! so close yet so far!!! now im starving!!!
there will be no vidoe evidence!  i can't wait, though. now i just need 2 find a regular partner if i end up loving it!
nothing much on tv, seen most of the good stuff...think i'll go to bed soon, but it's too hot to sleep
i wish i could sat but thats a super busy day  sunday perhaps? playing football in dolores park too, youre welcome to come hang!
& you still are not following me
slept for 11 hours after an exhausting but a fun fun out of town trip. high for the day so far? woke up to good ol' fried chicken
hotttie poooh!!!! ooo i bet it sounda magical (hh) im coming home in 1 hour
ah, the bank holiday shift at work. what fun
wating for the next metal gear
_music_news thanks
shud up! lol my device thing doesn't work
in bed can't sleep .... something is missing.....
i'm out looking for warblers! seen a yellow so far!  and a blue grey gnatcatcher
took the cutest pics of andy yesterday. but i don't have them.  used my bro's fancy dslr & didn't have time to upload them. i want my own!
working and watching milk
[URL] - i dont like justin  but he means somthing to miley,so i respect that !!! love you miley!!
he has been really brave but this is the best thing to do - now he can rest and get better. get well soon, alexi
tell brad i said hi!    drink and sing for me and morgan.
[URL] i found out this morning i got 800+ subscribers! thx!  check on lillysan awards! **** li
work day 7 of 7,
bummed that f! f! f! broke up
brilliant  thanks! not sure what brownie points will get you though!
dam i wish celebs could frikken follow baaaaaaaaaaackkkkkkkk
need some coffee... getting serious withdrawal symptoms
:] today is a bank holiday so not many places will be open until tomorrow.         welcome back!
why doesn't twitter extend the number limit a littttttle bit? until 160 atleast?
nope  day off;
thanx love
alough i will hold you to your word now for when i need rain
_soch hah nooo she is the obly one that can aumfff i hate nick because he is datin miley
lol  i'm the night owl queen - why you up?
well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...i'm not sure if that'll be this time around  i gotta shake this
i came back there was a cat out there
and that's what makes you an amazing mother  happy mothers day solo!! luv ya!!
29 mei, missing my dad for over a year now
[URL] - jake is signing up for a twitter!
scary guy on colbert...
aww how sweet
and you!
another week starts
'and i'm packing your angry eyes, just incase'
_henrie hey david, you're hot
happy sunday. we have sunshine in frankfurt. hope all mothers enjoy this day
pitty he wasnt arnd 2 huh! i wld have rlly wet myself! otherwise the wedding was gr8!! had a gd time & lots of smiley faces!
i'm going to; eat-homework-tv-i don't know yet...
walah me 2 still i am not getting the full idea
feeeel like ima die! now on my way to rainforest.  !! i need a girls spa day asap!
ha english portfolio!!! i finally finshed you  annnd you! comm final. youre half done! whoa 6:44am time for sleeps. night
2pm today is quiz time at the goat! game shows to play and prizes to be won! plus 'toss off tommy' for free drinks! today from 2! x
lakers, baby lakers!! i'll miss the game tmwr. i have to work  you'll have to keep me posted please
had a cool lil night. now at berrie's about to eat pizza waitin for
our love goes out to you kanoa  sorry for your loss dear
umm..nope not anymoree
oh very nice! i hope you have a wonderfully relaxing day!
: am getting upset listening to the say now  i want to speak to you mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
feeling much better  doing history research.
i just learned the hard way that firewire 800 isn't backwards compatible with firewire 400
yippee, darling girls. love you sooooo much  and so thrilled you found each other!
nearly grand prix time
oooooo. i like that too! anywhere near mommy is good for me.
omg i forgot about that! you lucky thing! hope you have fun!!  x
migraine is fighting its way back from last night.
found controls for left hand people like me on twitterrific. excellent
having a creative party with me, myself, and moi
muhahaha you've joined the tweet cult... lol heya  btw twitterific is a good iphone app i use
i'm still on the bandwagon. figured i've been on this ride so far, might as well see what happens.
wow, a calm evening
why is it that 'shipping & handleing' are soooo expensive??? it is more than 50% of my entire order! not ordering yet.
_hay the twitter happiness score for sw00p is: 418. [URL] i think i dropped by 1 point since yesterday.
good morning rob!
at bidor with  eating wantan mee n drinkin cham ping.
even when we're miles and miles apart; you're still holding all of my heart    4 days until jonas brothers 3d concert experience w/candice
better be. also, yes. unf unf <3 ...lisa still hasn't gotten any, btw  *smacked*
gus, formally known as world's ugliest dog has died  we'll miss you, gus [URL]
up and breakfasted, about to jump in shower then heading off to the land of the black pudding for playoff part 2
[URL]  here looove.
headed out at 6 today, shopped for mother's day gifts. i love b&bws new scents ? and finished my book i bought yesterday.
it's pretty perfect eh! yes we cannabis!  i saw some of those signs at the global marijuana march too.
i hate to say this, but cla really should have had a press conference or something today.
waking up with star wars end title song in my had is sorta awesome .. and also kinda creepy
it will be 45+ in june/july
hong kong is great for crazy 'english names'. a friend works with a 'miss chewbacca leung'
lmao i need a shopping partner today.
i'm still pumped from the concert saturday. 17/7/09 here i come
a trending topic: happy star wars day
_truong ahhh~~ is hb done or.. cause we are still hoping for an encore of snsd  lol!!!
your in london?   are you doing any shows here?
friends in ent industry have said it was really really good.  hopefully i can convince my wife into a date night  #hhrs
don't say that - i really miss my red porsche (sold it 2 yrs ago)
pretty fun way to write a resignation  [URL]
just got my **** kicked in tripoly lol  i got such bad cards... i suck
that sucks.   did you save any of it?
is wishing that i could be famous for acting and dancing
_com thanks
my sister said yayyy its hannah hoedown today  haaaa hannah is a hoe apparently hoe.
dude what? i wannnnaaaa goooooo
_musings good morning!  it is raining here
waiting on laundry to finish so i can go home. think i'll do my nails while i wait
aw, thanks. slowly getting over it.  yep, he tweaked his knee late in the third. basically stood still for the last 2 games.
swoobs and swass.... why the hell is air not on today when i am packing  blech
what a dreary, rainy, crappy day.
lol! thanks  glad i have the time off to spend with him! can't imagine trying to go into work right now.
they won't  guys are retarded!
_skies i want to dance with you too  i haven't really listened to that song since you left. it makes me miss you more
checking out zensify on my iphone. works fine but no landscape typing
hoping i at least have fun 2nite.  today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday
at the dr office for abbie's second round of shots...
off to get bailey's tongue clipped
its castiel!!!!  [ the angle ]
i will be uploading soon!    [URL]
i don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh.
cooking microwave pizzas, yummy
oh, and i went with my friend to myoh last night but they ran out of tarsier pins. so sad. he was really cute.
i love crowded cars  and ayanna!
wait...  and ... electrik red or richgirl?  i'm a sucker for the later
lol! joyologist? love it - much better than the happy freak who can't stop smiling  enjoy monday!
i didn't know you had a blog!!!  that's so awesome
_n_nouns ikr? my parents take the cake tho, they don't grocery shop and they go out to eat all the time just them 2...
i totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
hate be late
you're welcome!  actually, the all swedish fans are trying to get mcfly to  us! we are very close now
_bosworth hey lo!!!!
sugar free should have gone through in stead on 2 grand  they were so good and 2 grand is a bit too cheesy
woo! i was at whole earth tonight, maybe tomorrow some, let me know if you come back. yay for wikipedia
i'm doing okay
and if you want to leaveeeee i can guranteee, you won't find nobody, else like meeee
the coffee is in the making!
wants to hear his voice
8 month old african grey parrot  sad sale - reptile forums uk [URL]
wow.  is constantly ranting about his love for genghis grill too. never been there; not here in colorado.
hahahahaha u look really good in ur picture
so tired   last group of the day is performing now.. it's been an interesting one.
no rockin on the river for me, tonight...
no one to go see tiesto with
wants to go home.
ooh yay, its been forevs since last ss tv  baked dinner is so good, how yummy. i had prawns  ****
really want to go to the nets
the downside of getting tdl 3 days early is that i won't have time to read it til next week anyway!  but still, hurrah *clutches it close*
if you guys would be interested in watching me get tattooed tomorrow, let me know!
thanks.... just awesome
im just so lonely right now. maybe sade got me feeling like this
that's awesome man. ****, i should of sent you an affiliate link.  lol. oh well.
back home
_recordings alas no - this is all occuring in an office in central london...
heidi just finished her set at stiff kitten with aundy
omg brings me back to my high school days!  ? [URL]
good morning - thank you for my hot cup of tea
[URL] just got a crush on this song! disco's out! murder's in! ruleaz?, zic!  www.myspace.com/discosoutmurdersin
but omg mummy bought me ice-cream!
something is totally eating up my broc, cab and beans   insecticidal soap just isn't getting rid of the pests but i don't want chemicals
hey mr danger!!!
sorry...but, i bet they aren't that bad...
from me and no one else! muhahahaaaa! well maybe jesse
done...now another gem of a day in cape town
--please do snl every week!! i couldn't quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever
he's outta the ofc til monday ::grand:: kinda bummed me out but b/c i was genuinely sick there's nuthin i can do about it  -->
from here to cyborgs there's but a small leap  - [URL]
i have a feeling today is going to be amazing
it's is in the july issue of oxm... so i don't have anything to link you to right now
really really getting excited!
went to pole class. feeling discouraged. i am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs.
my lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort
well, its more the word bat (as in baseball) and **** and then viggo  not bat as in tiny little thing
misses  so much
i trusted matt with my life in that picture. funnnn night though
at home and sore knee
it's a good sized family room, so not too cramped, watched match in room  watched tv on iplayer after kids asleep
lovely profile + website! very neat... love the 'where is gary' ticker!
had the super massive sandwich mom made last night,ohh. it was yummy.. btw, happy mother's day mom!!
lol.  **blows kiss** did u catch it daddy ??.. neways im chillin hun and u i see u up early have u been a sleep
my long lost friend!
having fries plus greentea. mmm  - [URL]
drinking bud light lime
i'm trying to sleep!!! it's not working
yes we both do win!
had an amazing time dancing to dj dan at ruby skye tonight. and i'm still looking for that roommate in sf if you know anybody!
jus sittin in da libray and this stupid computer wont let me order any mac foundation
sounds pretty cool. great job man!
hahaha tempting! but nvm la. i'm quite a klutz.  i actually fare better with my hp cam lol
today was alot of fun. i love my family ,sammy hernandez and caitlin hughes.  goodnight!
i can't eat a hot pocket anymore without thinking about jim gaffigan
safe & easy travels mills. i'll miss u
what a bummer that tomorrow is friday again!
working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months
is sooo confused these days   but glad to be back from lillestrï¿½m
what happened? ... doctors don't get sick!   hope you get well soon...
isss boredddd, gotta be up in the morningg
is tired n wants to sleep in her own bed
hai there, who are you?
happy star wars day to you all
good job at the logies this year. hell funny, and you're right about the baggin the logies tradition... so very aussie!
going to bed. i love the jonas brothers!! the last time me and megan were together was the weekend of the premiere of jonas!! -lauryn <33
definitely need to work out after this business trip- too much free food and alcohol. i'm sure i've gained a few pounds.
the only thing i hate about playoff pens hockey is how much the tickets are! i wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket
i need a job to keep me above waters...thought i had one but apparently its 'casual' so now on the search again
just finished watching the series return of the chasers war on everything - really quite **** compared to how it used to be
i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???
shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail
haha drunk golf sounds *awesome*!! i predict a great score for today
enjoying lazying around eating roses chocolates  x
movie night with kate
stop making assumptions about me when you dont even **** know me!  haha stupid ****. thanks for defending me, matthew.
happy mother's day to your mum
i know buffie. i am sitting in my office instead of going to see ms. kane. major bummer
stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black
i think destiny has officially gone crazy... hahahaha
hey fellow trojan..congrats on graduation.
feeling lonely,dh on night shift all w/e
awwwwwwwwww  thats jus...awwwww.did she get to start again like?
i haven't had one for a long time. too expensive
never thought i'd say this, but i miss my 9-5 job, the commute, my cubicle, free food & coffee and being downtown. why did i quit?
doesnt understand twitter
morning. hope its a good day despite the revising
actually, in sweden the ikea's do have rooms to stay the night. not here though, i'll have to stay across the street.
going to jack's for dinner with my bff!
it's so sad, i'd love to talk to you but i live in the uk  can't wait for the new album, please say hi to me ****
finally made it to phoenix!  i am home.
that's why i'll be sticking to twitter clients.
never better! i had to follow some local tweeples! it's only right!
ok im off to pc world then  **** tweet u later **** lol
wants to meet jeff hardy and beth britt so bad its soo annoying  x x
[URL] - i feel really emotional  its been great seeing your pics and keeping up with you.  gonna m ...
there is one million people @ the dmv today.....
just found out i'll be a food engineer in a future life. cool. *iphone app called afterlife
awww i love me some charlies  we are enjoying some lucky food lol
thanks for the tip! it's our company laptops so was aiming for another solution actually....
_in_tx i know what you mean.
_tattoo hey girl. i'm a new follower - i think it's awesome you've gotten the chance to get so close to donnie. very cool!!
moving makes me sore.  dunno if we are gonna make it!   its getting close!
stupid hip!! i hate you!! and i can't even break in my new kicks!!!  grrrr!
that's not good, sorry to hear that, where did he park it?
headed into venue.  bbl
feel like **** today   got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years...blows!!!!!!!
feeling very stressed and strung out, awake at 4.50am, mind buzzing... and mrs dr. a is not talking to me
deathstar destroys starship enterprice [URL] can't get enough of this video  #starwars #startrek
the nocturnal serendipity... kashmir is an important means to that end...
doubtful! it's going to be on 24/2!
on my way to work, i'm kinda sad
seems like a win win situation
time to head back home. my business here is done.
so off work about to do what i don't know i'm exhausted
exam on active directory tomorrow.
thanx for showin luv
coming back drom camp!!! there was no cell fone reception =0 so im so happy were back in qld and a little bit tired
happy mothers day, mum.. love you lots   1 month and 11 days to go.. and 1 month to go for ma bby  love you bash
gah! buddy k is a must hang with person right now i miss him.  along with parker and mcphee.
this sars has really got me down.
just found out one of my coworkers that i actually like is leaving.
i love you mom!
the reason why i can't find the latest arena magazine is because it has folded due to the recession. grrrrr. gq/fhm survive? no justice.
_dollaz yay...you like ct. people always tryna **** on it when they've never even been there.
debating whether to go to bed and start reading the last harry potter book, even though as soon as i start reading it, i won't wanna stop
cafe, sky dining plangi  [URL]
@ butlers watching dr. farmer rock out w/ the hispanic jimmy hendrix ... drinking cosmos
as simon/idol might say, 21life sentences not good enough for chester stiles. how can one **** a 2 year old child?!  how the f?  why?
want me to walk with you?  x
my location thing? through ubertwitter...it has an option to include locations! jon uses uber, but he has it off  lol
you have the best hair ever. totally jealous. mine's unfixable if i forget and leave sunglasses stuck in it too long
hi everyone miss me much?  muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ;)
after show at our house rocked! saying goodbye soon
how could they kill him? hollyoaks made me sad.
i can't believe that he almost got put down, before the rescue group went and got him.
is snuggled in bed reading
wow, i can sleep with my eyes open, tis amaze *i lie*
up at 4:30am west coast time..gettin ready to catch my flight back home..soooo excited to go back to my two fav boyzzzz  puppy n bf
hey  did you have a good weekend buddy?
thankful for last minute doc appointments... baby girl has a temp of 105.+  sitting at the doc's waitin'
i have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  i hate it, but i have a serious 'clothes falling apart' situation here.
im at scotts being a fatty
_98 ****, that's my favorite part...lol...ok, i'll just keep in stock alot then
i'm currently using microplaza which i found via a link in the comments on your blog  [URL]
ok i am going to sleep for real now good night twitter land
im stuck 2  this when my la love turns in2 road rage lol
may the 4th be with you. happy star wars day!   [URL] #starwarsday #geek #dork #fb #awesome
following  'cause  ordered it
bye bye south beach....u never let me down
got back from a week of jamming in the french city of meyrueis. feel hella replenished
sry i missed your calls. i fell asleep out of boredom. colorado sunrise was enjoyable though.  i actually could hear it. xd
i wanna see upppppp
i'm also on plurk  try it
watching 'p.s. i love you'. eating chinese food. what else is there to do when you're home alone on a friday night!
to all my friends: im deeply sorry i'm moving, i will miss u all so very very much!
hey! so glad it's friday but not happy that i just ate a bad apple
the second i hit reply to that tweet i was asked to stop playing music.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!
has uploaded her runs onto nikeplus.com ...   run, row.row., run!!!
eew  cheese. i hate cheese.
_jane14 okay well then now i don't feel so bad lmao
jess is invited just not me  i feel really unloved by u and aj right now hahaha!
i wish i had a dog
needs a little lie down. not feeling great today. boo
moving office tomorrow after 3 years at this one, its a sad day
thank you
i see...
happy mother's day mang!!! thank you and i love you
finally making some headway in the family room!  home is finally begining to look like it!  btw dial up can go die!
feels like **** whenever she lays down. @)(1+-'$#! i hate heartburn & backaches!
by  drove a #-mazda #rx8 today and boy, that car is fun! sadly though, i don't find my car that much fun any more
hot ****, i'm at **** disneyland!
wow - the dude said i was better than bobbi lewis.. never heard the guy - but i take that as a compliment  (just read the bl web site)
i'm getting back into  again
didn't bring connector for camera on trip...saving new photos will have to wait another week...
my tummy hurts...again
omg!!!! i feel bad,  .was it good?              ;
lost luggage? sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: [URL]
oopsie, the origami box i just made looks like a strawberry! should i be allowed to teach?
ready for mother's day? [URL]
thank you!
had to rumage around topless in the freezer to find something to eat, all i found was a suspect pizza
heyheyheyy happy star wars day   watcha doin this friday? up for a movie?
people dont get into fender benders on the way to school that just doesnt happen hahahahah
i hate it
so cold in here!  getting the chill
whoops! start trek,...not start! duh.
i need a friend right now  , i feel like mmmm ... sosad
is having this massive headache! and all i want to do is eat some nachos..
and now i am starting to feel really old.
waiting the next release
i would love to sleep with pete lmfao   jk
ily babe. sweet dreams.
[URL] ozzy back from the vet. not feeling well. he looks so sad.    possible uti. results tomorrow.
another interview... please somebody hire me?! but i'm late
its two o clock in the morning!
alison is great around miley love to meet her, when you see her can you tell her to give a shoutout to   #1 fan
mango medley has yummy mango and mango ice cream!
oo, oo, i must compete... let me login to my work email to see if i can top that
_ryall what if i thought i was a star trek person but i wasn't all that crazy about the new movie?
about to go pick up my roomate from the airport....no more house to myself.
blah. so i registered to coach this summer and eh the tourney starts july 6th. my vacation 7/15-28th. fk my life, haha
a night alone with my piano...and a pro tools session... ill take that anytime.
2 coins people
weekend looks sloppy  looking forward to a great week with great customers!
id poke u...on face book but u dont have 1  lol
taking a break from sewing to do some dishes
love dawn of the replicants! love music monday!
i hate working, especially when the weather is good
workies with dad?  aw that sucks working on saturday morning. i'm about to study, when are your exams?
wifeyyyyyy  me no likey u siky
not sure i like this way to learn a new language  i prefer to be 'on location', so i can practice, ask qs and get answers
tres rude victor!  :\
still no direct message for me. what the hell am i complaining about? i'll c ya in 27. if u don't answer i'll ask in 5*.
found out earlier today that i'm going to be an uncle
it starts again june 14
yay mom bought me the sakura bodyshop lotion!  <3
had a lovely day yesterday. the weather was great! now stupid slapton
i have to go to spanish mass on sunday  and then write a couple of papers. boo.
shoooot me. my aunt will be home soon and im crying my eyes out
my brother left me for the day now i am here by myself
my mums trying to make me feel ebtter about stopping voting adn not winning shortstack. i almost cried.
what darren on linkedin? yes!   just say your a twitter friend i never idk people! [URL]
_benzo the first step to recory is admitting it.
their is no such thing as transparency only selective opacity...
how you get a day off and you still aint hit me.. where is the love?
someone take me to la  i need to see the lemon tree
is constantly listening to the  song fly with me...b/c it's the cutest song...'peter pan & wendy turned out fine'
im only on 1800  lol
almost, almost.. thanks on the 'good save' z!
now standing because my tailbone is killing me
it is sad... i feel bad when i hear it. they look like mid 30's. it's like something u wld see on lifetime
dm me your email addy n i'll fwd dem 2 ya
thank you jonathan! i am the proud mommy to a 6 yr old girl, and a 14 yr old boy!
_pierce well the enterprise e, the nx-01, or the ncc 1701(no bloody a,b,c,d, or e)
i like them.  is that weird?
maxxie and anwar. ep 5? i think. i am up to that one next.
bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
i couldnt call you because the time on my phone would run out  so if you can give me a shoutout on here i will be happy
trying my best not to share this lovely head cold
honey is great for your health!
have a good day girl, ill call you later
its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
thank you. yes yes. hooray!
when it rains it pours. life sucks
i just got twitter for my palm  <3
could be useful  13 tutorials & resources for a perfect twitter background [URL] #design
@_harrykim ooc:  it's okay.  maybe our schedules will work out soon.
sigh..... exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week...  bin stressd... and i aint guna b bak till end june!
i really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed!
ashley tisdale , i mean . cuz shes in berlin on 6th june and i'm not gonna be there . i wanna start cryin right now :/ ashley pick me up
good morning every1!!! its gorgeous out again n im stuck in work  wish i was at home chillin out.. hopefully tha day goes quick  doh !!
i am not in the mood for a long car drive
i was sleep for all that and missed the fun! hey dg.  lets play another gammme brian
thanks...do you guys have a showroom as well? wanted to chk them out in the flesh. quite cool lamps and the wife is impressed
it's just a shame what wisdom comes with age, but age destroys youth
lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done
**** it were is eric or anyone else when you need your hair to be played with
about to go to my boo's pad
played the eclectricity festival @ the custard factory last night was an unreal atmos right till the end! glad i played last set
please visit [URL] and sign up to alpha test a image hosting service!
hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy
_pritchard how come i dont see more of u? how come i dont see u at all is a better question lol. that needs to change mister! im sad
nice win by the dodgers, 8-0 over giants
cleaning up the kitchen &watching the royals play
bleah a tad tipsy and too many cup cakes. maddies birthday tomorrow + family party
following 865 and followers 539...not nice
fellow twitterers. if anyone one has a leather jacket for the size of a fat person (aka me) please let me borrow it.
whoa! twilight the board game! aaahaha
wishing everyone a good night
really wish i could see dave from  again, missing him already
youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
is sore from weight lifting  however, it's the good kind of sore that gives you man-**** you can move with the power of your mind alone!
skipping school w/ carleigh today, both of us barley got an hr of sleep last nite. i got a new bby kitten! shes all black
feels good?  now the hardest part will be to keep it empty every day. or at least several times a week.
anybody out there having a beer right now? i hate drinking alone. mrs t is oot  on the other hand, mrs t is oot
i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they're upset w/me!
omg i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
yay, i should be able to make it to 700 updates tonight  lame compared to other ppls i know lol
just contributed to economic stimulus at wal mart - un expected tire replacements
writing in yearbooks make me wanna cry
don't worry  just sleep.
good luck! it's not too bad, and if it is, it's curved grading so u might end up surprised
tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies
so much for skype for blackberry in may
waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail
hey chocolate chips is good.  i want a snack too but i'm out of snacks.
what time is our conference call??
is so frustrated!!! i'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! ahh
white-water rafting in the tripics
errr ok, most people have their espressos in the morning, ice latte at noon and warm latte in the evening!
is in route 2 da' beach! no sun yet
my sunburn hurts
down the beach again, sea is really flat
should i still come? its gonna be a while
i am soooo saying this phrase now 'stop be so false' thanks to some  'hater'/yoda person!  goodnight and stop be so false!!
sad thing is that i wanted to work there for years, it was my dream job. was crushed when i saw how crappy it was. still bitter
love 'good girls go bad'
i hate taking antibiotics, but i think i need to get me some. boooooo.
we'll miss you  #sixx?
i cancelled a run in favour of... staying in. wish i monies for pubulation tho
....nope.. its for the 1st time we invited her at ssm  and she very graceful accepted it !
i sure hope so!
i want to come over
i know what appeals to you with knitting! believe me i know!
making a life w/o bounds! t-shirt for second life
missed the cutoff for the free chocolate  eh well...bikini season is coming.....
im not going to my dads tonight !!!!! and hes got a 12 foot pool  he has to tell me that hes got things when im not going **** !!
omg its working
and the grease drip pan doubles as a butter dish (in a pinch)
something like that happened to me once: we closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up
looking forward to a short work week followed by a mini-vacation in clemson
no  have you? and what's your favorite rhcp song?
i wonder what you're doing, imagining where you are, there's oceans in between us, but that's not very far.  [URL]
i always have a good day! i make it good all the time but you make it better w/ ur morning greetings!! thank you!!
i say 'oh man..' jovani asks, 'did you just call me an old man?' haha
my teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better
man, finishing 'operation anchorage' sure gives you an unfair advantage, loot-wise... i love the stealth field suit and gauss rifle
just had cheese on toast with ham (: about to get ready to go to london!
received our first bit of spam from twitter - not sure how to feel that the 'sanctity' of our conversation has been tainted.
tomorrow he'll gone to new home...i was born single(our little puppy of basset hound)
thanks got it will contact you if i am having troubles!thanks
_lu i must be getting old and bent: that is the second thing you've said in the last couple of days that has not really been a turnon
exactly! well, i'm off to pick my sister up. speak laters! enjoy your afternoon of pub and shelving!! lol ****
i lost one of my best friends iï¿½m sooo sad
well hopefully i'll see you both   at the conference
hahah no not that valley. that's cool valley. texas valley. like...rio grande valley. ahhaha i wish i lived in california valley
hey #socialmediatv ugh no way to do video>blah {pouts}   (social media tv live > [URL]
i'am back to tweetie 1.1.1.
_laurie my thoughts rae with you and your family
ive been trying to get over her for years, its so hard to move on, when youre so in love..it sucks
mom asking if i'm feeling better after dargah visit. dad swears he sees +ve 'change'.  i am amused.   but yeah, still depressed
gonna go watch jackson's band play and then going to the band after party
did find it weird as i think u gave me a ff recommendation too. all sorted then. i can vote for legalisation of pot too if u want
whoa steady there mate don't fall down
i wish i was in london to see you. it's like my biggest dream to meet you  iloveyouuu <3
is leaving utah today  super sad face
that sux  but mayb 4 the btr u nvr know
not to mention hw fat ima get frm wrk n here.
gettin home frm hangin with herman
hey  bye bye  was fun too   (robluketic live > [URL]
thanks for trying
hey fused gaming, fusedgaming forums have been delayed until 9pm pt/12am et tonight... sorry   (abean2007 live > [URL]
death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  its a good way to start the day.
hehe. i have the zsg. should probably go over it again. also, mike has moved up to orillia, so his arsenal isn't so available.
i always forget how much fun kyle is!
i feel like i need to catch up on twitter haven't done much of it this weekend!
this will make you feel better. will down a cocktail or 2 in your honour. now get retorting  [URL]
wishes all you moms a happy & blessed mother's day!
someone make me a cofffeeeeeee......
this hot day is making me tired
is updating you live from benihana of tokyo in waikiki  happy birthday mark!!!
time to get educated  hope you all are off for a great start on this monday morning
just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready
you got twitter! yayy  ****
you are a dope mom too! love you too!!! now stop drinking the mom juice, stop twittering and get some rest!
beer, garden, ipod, friday night, shame i've got to work tomorrow
having my hair dyed today  ugh im bored. still tired from friday lol. swear down bossman ;)
hi ok i hope its head comes out of the clouds for you> i love meadowbank shopping center
yoga for school, what could be better?
off to the movies with abby (who i have not seen in forever) to see star trek. l8er twitter folk
i so dont  and wtf. whatthefuck. really? really? are they trying to kill me? but i might be... depends...
oh man, that sucks  i'm sorry, doll.
awww bless her. she made me cry
is now crying  omg i am fed up with this pain !!!
pissed i  fell asleep before i pushed 'record' and missed !!
we miss you
[URL] - yes , everybody love you. i'm a german fan. follow me !
looking forward to seeing the relatives... maybe home from toronto soon
umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club
is alone  ! watch a lot of dvd on my laptop !!!
your lisa rogers carpool is now my alltime fave!! good work!!
my puffffy is leavinggggggg  nooooooooo
trying to figure out how to use twitter.......i'm old
morning everyone!
seen that!  hopefully ebay replacement  will work for you!  but take it to bits anyway! lol
checked with the hubster and i think we'll pass -- feeling too lazy to caravan after running around with our friends.
to the doctor  anyone wanna do somethin after for a bit?
best part of notting hill is on!!  'daft prick' haha love it.
i try pretty hard to engage everyone i follow! some of them lack interesting **** to say so they end up unfollowed
forgot an ec2 machine running for 15 days, and got a $35 bill. amazon teaches you to get organized for a fair price
i miss cary and want to drink some chocolate milk with him.
grecia! its between mood & party! i wanna see him lol but we are going out fershure.
love the song and liked the movie
guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!
it's nice to see my #euruko pictures ([URL] on the big screen during a conference break
you need to share the h/w love! some of us are still rocking 2008's gear.
y must i hve graduation practice...all im gonna is walk
need a break...my head hurts
i wanna move back to pennsylvania
no you dont
i know! but i still want to see it
hampa hatiku
listening to music  was kostet der fisch ?! xd my mathsteacher has choose the wrong job... that's wrong grammar but a real fact !!
im sorry  i don't think i stick out, at least compared to what i used to look like.
great day? woman, did you notice the smile that never disappeared off my face? ha, murray... all cos of you, i owe you
will try to make it there at 6:30pm
off to bed with my sore ****
fishing on wow while listening to ska on pandora. such a lazy sunday morning
im going to go to bed again, ear (both) infection, i am completely dizzy, yyyyuck! my stomach is hurting too  peace-out loves
where art thou ? i miss you!
annoyed the #ppt didn't save my changes.  when i explicitly saved.
hates typing on a mac. wishing that i'll be done my english essay soon.  sleeeepy
yes. yes you will.
hello everybody!  i'm back on the job, back from the children camp (someone had to look after my sis' pupils)... and totally exhausted
how cool is that!   thank you so much!   luv it!
ouch!! applied ec over the summer? and no graduation, then?  *hug*
left my phone at home and wont get it back till 4am. dont call me!!
oh naw; ill always be dha same cece, but when chanqes are needed ill make them
josh  excuse me, but, at what time is it going to begin?
if you've jailbroken or went to 3.0 early, prepare to be bricked
wow i'm soo hungover
isn't he awesome?? there are tons more coming, that was just one of three locations
hahaha...gutted !! it's his birthday soon,so he'll have to wait until then. haha
it's great
hahahah lols you have fun with that aye  i had the div too ) the experience but i love my spongebob ) (l)
just saw 'drag me to hell'. sam ramei is excellant as usual but the kitty scene was kinda hard for me
mother is hogging the tv
arriving at itexa. lots of mails to read and some work to do  thanks god weekend is just here
i hope such moments inspire you on your political journey back home. all the best
always wanted to see that film never got round to it must get it on dvd tell me if its any good
o dear. so you're going to be **** that kiddoe and i'm going to sit there doing..  nothing! awesome  wheres the shopping?!<3
having another only fools and horses marathon day
really? awesome!
haiszt.. im here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun!
photo: novusnovendo: eyecandy + live = like a ****! only he keeps his clothes on  but he can take them... [URL]
omg in your pic youu look so cuute !
don't think you would be happy if you were...
yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples
i can't i can't i can't  i'm sad.... i'm from venezuela!
_lee lol a bugg to school thats awsome
we should so go for the cobra-cam idea
happy birthday to meeeee!! excited to go out tonight, but i'm gonna miss my girl
_ no idea what that means bb
my grandparents cat may die... i love that cat. i swear if he goes... / / /
happy mother's day to the only mother i have on my list!
i tried that but i can only use import/export for contacts saved locally on my outlook. thanks though
- 21 days to go  happy birthday for then
hahaha u can use my phone everywhere... just use a wi-fi
yeah well a deadline is in t-9 hours, that's architecture for you, oh well... mmm that coffee sounds like a good idea
can i get tonight's sytycd online anywhere...streamed like hulu or paid like itunes. i missed my favorite judge and now i can't sleep.
endless streams of tea~~~~... it's a holiday day here... how do i know? it's raining
your not in school
im 16 too
just got bullied by dillah.  help!
what lol?
some days you must look hard for that good thing.
i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate
lookin' at spreadsheets so long my eyes are crossing...
no way - those are great words.  boys don't get to own them.    oh and was it your bday?
/drool. i still need to 100% the first one
word. yayy twitter after dark lol.
so, #primavera is in barcelona. in spain. surely ruth lorenzo must be here, right? btw jarvis has a walking stick
well, guess we just make a pretty great pair.  so, i don't think our birthday date is going to happen. :'(
come on knight... it's been well over 4 hours
been town with the mother  nice & sunnny
time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  it's not the dog's fault... it's their **** owners
congrats to all graduates! such a beautiful thing & big deal! i wish i cudve attended my lil man ryan kdg graduation..  feel very sad!
i don't think i can bear such cuteness this early in the day! kudos to fair empress
its taking forever to upload
longest trackk meet everrr
hey hey..i'm only finishing on the 10th of june
well - looks like hurdle is out.
yay for having a giant headache  stupid glasses.
my twitter looks funny  someone help!
what does it matter? we all love you.  take your pick. ha!
is working all weekend
it is 00:03 i'm wrecked  i'm hungry & i have to get up early. not the perfect fri night lol night
loool.  thats just the way things are!
thank you! it's sunny outside so that's a good start
just have to say again how much i like the new twitteriffic
lol  i know
whatever. i give up, my phones about to die anyway.  next time
hey!  i dont know how to use this ._.
trust me, that's a good thing. your 40-something self will thank you.
i wont have time to buy  and i need a new binder pa
[URL] - wow! a nice laptop
first impression of silverlight: sadly, based on what i saw today, it's quite problematic
last day of work  ...but everyone is making it so great!
really nice outside...i'm stuck at work
my heart has been beating irregularly ever since last night. i don't want to explode or implode
is getting ready to start the work week...work 2 off 3 then work 3 more. it's not bad  have a great one everybody!!
bored fixed the internet for my dad but now im bored to death
thanks for the follow! (raises hand) i am
a headache once again ugh
hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x
ooh i have snazzed up my profile with summery colors
last leg of my travels today. totally exhausted, but thank goodness 'ed' is keeping me company
next to my birthday- mother's day is my favorite day of the year.  the one day i don't feel guilty for slacking just a little.   aaaahh...
good girl, sarah. now we've got ourselves a club
if i can get a ticket, but the pickings are lookin slim soo prob not
being far too vigorous with pruning and regretting the removal of too many cucumber flowers off cucumber plant.
it shall be mine!! it shall... be mine!!! *raises eyebrows*
they are unloading a leopard tank just next to my office window. hope i didn't piss off anyone
new favorite group has to be j*davey hi&low is my ****. why don't the really flygroups come to miami hell florida? and no rock the bells
know exactly what you mean  i've lost too many friends. i do feel for you all
home sweet home by carrie underwood makes me sadd
im really bored, anthony is doing senior board ****. and im hungry and cold.
justin timberlake and leonard nimoy? and a **** in the box sequel? priceless
yup-unfortunately  took today off work and just slept all day.
at the reception eating some nasty **** pasta woot! but other than that its beautiful!
anyone with big fingers  but i've loved it...
i haven't had a good homemade flour tortilla in ages.
ok!  ~ you are such a wild one - can only imagine this one...
i think 30 bucks and i dunno
wishes a happy mother's day to all mothers! especially her own.  [URL]
now i feel really really bad...sorry
#liesboystell your the only one, i love (they really have several women)
ekkk..thats ruff..hope you have a safe flight and good meeting
swiped the last package of fruit snacks! hell yeah. finished catch-22. what shall i read next?!? i'm such a nerd
i saw this link, but i get an error on the cnn site when i open this page and cannot read the article.
two day hangover
good afternoon, hope you have a great week
now i want ice cream but it's so expensive.
is working hard or maybe thats hardly working
what? i was being serious.
nothing 2 do 2nte  boooooooo! i'm totally bored!
i have to put it out there...... i adidas josh denyer  xoxoxoxoxoxo
kids  b'day party/picnic  in canazarro park.  the other half 'hurts' today
this sux but took like 4 minutes. going to sleep finally  [URL]
[URL] - i don't know why i always click on your doughnut pictures... lol i always end up wanting one
good morning. just bought flowers for mothers day and now it's breakfast time
thinking bout maddies comments
well. . . the beginning of a new week and guess where i am. . . at the office  4more days till friday. . .
you should hate your gender less. not all men are bad. in fact, i quite like mens.
i'm quite afraid to string now since i don't have any .024 wire use
in weho! they're are playing a lot of brit
it's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too
just saw star trek with the boo.. now off to bed! never again will i go to a vallejo theater. happy mothers day to all!! i love my mommy
_stack i wish i could go to both but i don't think i'll be allowed :p either way with two shows going your bound to get a ticket
ncp no longer has job placement
awe! i miss him so much. they're on 'vacation'. which has lasted for like, six months. and i miss you!
whats up today..? missed the #coffeeclub that day
sam and sean are teasing me saying they are gonna get wings without me
is feeling sick, probably a summer flu
swolen as shitt  boo hoo
too bad i dont have either
it was way worse than that ...and where were you why didnt you say hello?
my wife lost her sprint blackberry 8330 on a bike ride in am.  anyone have an extra bb laying around? retweet
not the same.. can we party tonight jig
it's becoming a very tough race. linda is indeed very talented. but someone has to go every week.  we cut two this week.
.ï¿½ï¿½?????ï¿½ï¿½.  i bet. man i wish i coulda went some whr. i didn't even go out here. i was home all weekend.  nyt life sux here
also, try friendly fires if you haven't already heard them. great stuff  and florence and the machine. great, great music
good morning everyone! it's back to work for me - so won't be able to chat until tonight - i hope everyone has a great day!
off to bed for the night. goods night everyone
i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting.
recovering from a bad fall at lunch. great start to the weekend.
needs to mug for chinese a's but doesn't feel like it.
yes, its a common thing. don't you remember? i promised you and nic i wouldn't stress online  clearly not kept
had an answered prayer which caught me by surprise. lord, you are amazing!
i'm at the cubs game and it is so cold. i think its going to rain.
on the airport in philadelphia at the moment, waiting for the plane to leave in about an hour. just six more hours on a plane
[URL] - it is interesting that vs2003 generates a setup script for uninstall.
looking at tabs for all of the 'boys like girls' songs
yes man was good
at dancing...waiting for my turn  hope i get my newww cd with the funky reel music todayy!!!
really fun day  gahhh i want my new phone this razr is killin me
found any decently priced breakfast yet? i hope you do
i think that's cutting off the url so the pic doesn't turn up.   #mishaneedschapstick
mother's day breakfast is over, getting back to work now. back on rails
loves her david soooooo much <3
_creek no worries - thank google! there's nothing you can't find on there!
oh! good idea about putting them on ice cream
i don't have any excuse other than night shifts! we got our orphan lambs from a local farmer so we cheated
just cried all the way through the final episode of er... and the 'previously on er' documentary about it!
euhm i'm french and i don't really understand english . poo..
tonights been boring!
- oh foa real.? i didnt really keep up with what was going on. too many diff storys n stuff hey.  wish he neva did it!
work work work. my desk is a sea of papers and i am the dinghy being tossed about in its waves.
doesnt work already
morning
[URL] - great photo! bravi! we are looking forward for the upcoming pilot in italy too
that's the worst dream ever. weird to think all of those thoughts are in your subconscious.
going to bed. good night everyone! i love you all (or should i say good morning?)  sweet dreams
i am a bit more curious: how much did you pay for it?
browsing through the web. and expecting to see the pms forum back up, but no luck
i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town
becoz of leg sprain nta ble to do proper wrkouts. worried shud dis hapen wen i satrted dieting...
i'm grateful that my kids also don't like them, lol.  textbooks are a tool, not the sole means of education
sanjaya forever! hahahahahaha!!!!
it's a modded 360, so you can't send it back?  that red ring of death sucks!  it took weeks to get mine back from microsoft.
u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter...
can't believe preseason doesn't start until august  football with drawls..
i think my bicycle and i just freaked out a custodian, who wouldn't have let me in the building if i didn't let myself in with a key
i honestly feel like i'm not healing or getting any better. this is not good
i see
i love when i have time for starbucks
is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.
push was amazing
actually there was this other guy i thought i didn't know but turns out i did know from a previous party...
zomg so cute matt. **** thats a good movie
noghty night twitterific twitter tweeting pals
i have yet to understand any sentence u have ever typed,but it's kinda fun-like learning a foreign language&i love to quote u.
_richards a man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. happy mother's day
late news then it's off for some much needed zzzzzzz.......goodnight tweets.
i wish people would leave jon & kate alone  i really like that show
burnt from the lake
i'm fine thanks  wbu?
i second this !!
iï¿½ï¿½m home  i hate school! now im going to do do something fun because i have very boring. i want to have something to eat  soon back!
2002 - the tsx is nice just cuz it's a new car- handles nice but doesn't have the horses of the tl-s
kewl, i only got my iphone and gotta hope it lasts all weekend  only got a shuffle, might bring that anyways... see ya 8am!
i'm suffering from the internet that works bad, only sites hosted on russian servers are available for me
arghhh...my korean dvd can't see..i need to laugh..
i think i have a fever
on way to exam, very very nervous  bah
packing...
oooh! goodluck for the rest of them
ugh.  las #vegas airport is at a 'ground stop' which means i'm stuck in the plane on the tarmac (again) at lax.
_style  i like it
good monday morning to everyone- hope everyone's week is off to a successful start
morrningg  just slept for 12 hours and now i have a headache d;
d-lab on mit open courseware [URL] there goes my chances of getting any work done in the next few weeks
darnit.  see what happens when i avoid teh interwebs for work.
is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
lol. you know me. i aim to please.
adobe after effects and ms sql server...nice. would it be nicer if i just sleep?
i need to get my life together aka my apartment all cleaned and back how it was before my birthday
what's the deal.
so my son is not the only one!  that's really nice to know.  he really is good at being three. and dh will be late today
good luck with you finals!!!
hey luis, thanks!  i have flash and my prof's code to thank for that.  *cough*
yeah, it's good! if you're not going to use it, give it to me! i want to watch star trek
i love the lady from the progressive commercials she's so funny
not eating lunch with my wife like i wanted to
i need new socks
can't you guys do something on co-op about grim fandango? don't you wanna see it on xbla/psn? call tony plana!  call tim!!
guten morgen/ good morning/
going to the alley tonite..happy birthday prima
i failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife
mortified. could lose my job
you should add your blog to cmf ads
for the whole time ?
_tall_blonde   ~~hello~~~  and thanks for the follow.
i ruined my lunch by eating half a bag of cheddar popcorn....now i feel sick.
**** it, the guys aren't at #comet09  i hope they win though
[URL] - see miles away
- 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. and you never made me empanadas again.
is in skwl now, and i dont really wanna study.. i saw him --> j***i and makes me feel down..
now that sucks...  p?i ?i s? ï¿½n?eleg c? jay leno nu va mai avea o alt? emisiune sau ceva?
looks like i got a new job
i saw nomes on twitter  but i'm still not waking up
lol i wos gona send mine in bt i was too late  ****
i didn't catch the jonas brothers facebook webcast...  it already ended when i logged in to my facebook account...
trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
home bound for mothers day
it's after 3 am.!!  i think it's time to bed.!!  have a good night twitts.! ;))
i had had a baked dinner yummy  cant wait for new short stack tv, what kind of dips shall it be?
my saying now  [URL]
cruising 'serious eats ny' does not bode well for a future in ga. missing nyc gastronomical tour..  [URL]
may the forth be with you .....
bass drum heads breaking equals bust. who needs tickets for may 15th? you?
i'm dying to read it!  i hate england.
no more arrested development. i am sad.
i dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?
fickleness seems appropriate for a twitter user
gatorade first thing in the morning = yumyum  feeling shattered but must arise and revise for it tomorrow.
i only happened to look on a random chance. timing is everything.
its so sad when the dad dies  hakuna matana it means no worries for...
i'm in tantra, anyone from kirki will know how sad this is, i'm drowning my sorrows ;)
i miss all you ok girls.    happy mother's day to all y'all.
going home but will be back! after i get groceries and stuff
all you moms, get ready to enjoy your much-deserved special day!
nooooooooooooooo! well the 4g will prob be out in june but that doesn't help u now
snap to grid. i just realized that i haven't seen iqbal in 5 days.
sighs, well i accidentally clicked back space on my mouse
almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. time couldn't go by any slower.
this may sound stupid... but i just bought a mask
i'm sure mayor brainard will be thrilled to hear that you're a fan.
we found a ride
my fav cd
you hate her, i love her.  presentation got cancelled. i got up at 0600 and went in to work today for this pitch !
yeh yeh. i would switch to cingular, but i have more friends on t-mobile. free minutes, yo.
lol nttn much juss mad that its been raining all day, and to add to that i dnt think u following me..
just woke up and saw that the sun isn't out  i need to start waking up early
that sounds cool! and you're paying - even better
awww. its cool. i ate too much ice cream
yess... it's awesomee.. and u can follow ur love molly hahah....  now u can chat with us here!
promised myself not to eat crisps but im starving and theres nothing else quick to eat
its ok mate i stayed in as well  losers aren't we
the little weeping nervous girl was put through... along with a 12 yr old quite good dancing boy. greg the lovely singer came 3rd
_brown theres a holy version of hell? lol...i cant stop. i need for it to be a trending topic!  be nice (*whispering #redmango)lol
i wish i was in va too
thanks  ****
_carter your video is set to private..
re: so, finally finished catching up with your blog - no mention of any wedding details...  do tell, at some point.  [URL]
i'm pretty sure he's every main character we've ever written. that or
sleep sounds good right about now
going to bed cuz i have to get up at like seven thirty or something tomorrow. today was actually not that bad of a day.
great podcast!  i wish you guys had more chi shows this summer.  the only times i will see you will be at alpine
i don't think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )
says headache  [URL]
congratulations to manny 'pacman' pacquiao! you've made every filipino proud of being a filipino!
awww sowy shortie
feet hurt...finally in bed...will not forget this crunch when it's over...very very productive day today though
lol that's great  for you.
youtube isn't working...and i wanted to watch britains got talent.  i'm debating about having a pity party.
just in imagination
gonna go home and try to take a nap. i am emotionally exhausted   ... i will be in after.. <3
i blocked him too, lets hope it just goes away forever
is there a cvs equivalent to 'git status'?
the mission to wales to find the worlds greatest welsh cake with  was a success - as none are better than my nan's
yes! i feel the same.  i've still got lots in boxes.  it's so fun though.  got to my new place yesterday.
fact 1: ihate directv ondemand w/a passion that burns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. fact 2: imiss comcast. like a lot
hired all the smart monkeys for e-mail marketing...
trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation
: haha i know  it was super easy too. i sat at the toy counter and gave kids what little toy they wanted with they're tickets.
sweet _b_10 yeah my mate from g-town jus sed blue martini is tha spot, so ill check it out. good lookin out
_de_b you have to email her - she only gets what people want in so they aren't on the site. shame about the trousers
: i'm real
ashotn looks great, and you look fantastic as always! you two still have the newlywed glow, and that's forever.  true love
8:30pm... it has just hit me i have school tomorrow :o ahaha! i'll stay on til 9 i think  ****
i wish for kiau to go cat heaven too. and meet my seuss
strawberry margaritas + baked stuffed shrimp =
my my i have never watched so many movies in one night with my mommy
up isnt im 3-d..
thanks hun! next time we'll all go again
and how are you going to make it up to me
umm...why will it not let me change my background?! im twitter-challenged.
sitting in the kaust offices. sun is shining and surrounded by busy people... ace
did i miss the fun?
starting out  bday bash with a blue moon  - photo: [URL]
lol how i met your mother
that was a really good interview to read, really enjoyed it  x
at work  then back to my baby's house
abrams has his quirks for sure.   i'll summarize my post like this: decent flick, but not a 'star trek' story.
this phyllis hyman unsung story is so sad
happy mother's day to my mom...that lady is the coolest  i love u ma!
because those companies that make the bag sealers will go out of business.
can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler.
chatting with some of my old classmates, hellyeah fun but we have some of very weird conversation haha.  hello? bbm lo error ya?
dany, meet sorcha, sorcha, dany.   now you know each other. :-p
charbotgreen has been suspended  'unusual activity??'
my assistant had me watch the notebook. i miss deborah
my neighbour is fond of loud nickelback.
good morning! nothing in particular, meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your monday?
hahaha. i think you're pretty far from me. maybe next time though
i just lost my favorite pen  good thing i have a back up =d
, oh noooo!  if i blow a tire you're reaaaally going to have to send up some batman smoke.
ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  you should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)
....... i'm wondering if you're as awake as i am. ?
got fully denied tonight  sleep time now, lnd in morn!
too bad vo got me sick i think  & i don't even have meds to feel like you.
i just saw a pony that used to live in front of my house again. he's developed cushing's disease tho
home sweet home? i think no! huaaaa
i know i enjoy watching you two on twitter. about as entertaining as the comic.  that i miss
_twnzfinest happy birthday, sweetie. have a great day in the best place of the word (sorry chicago  jeje
i just read your twitter bio. love it. very clever and cute. i'm all about smiles.
nah they were mine   had ones without fingers
_magician yes, apnea, but it's not the prob. i'm on meds that might be causing this.  they help otherwise so much, don't want to stop
goodbyeeee arizona. see you in 3 weeks.
loves that lubbock is wet..its about time..no more strip runs
rey mysterio is so awesome
ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
just going through some of his tracks in itunes and buying his awesome tracks i don't have. loving it
i'm way to sleepy.. ill watch my shows lata..good nite twit-fam!.. god bless!..xoxo
i know they r lol i hope she does she said she will
shower/traffic/factory yaaaay
i didn't think anyone caught that
i know im inlove with   actually..
ay dios mio! 2 weeks left of college!!! ah can't wait!!
just the mere fact that you twittered and someone read it, then it matters p.s. love your song gravity
then i'll need plenty of quizzes to get through the work day.
_de_baillon
why are you surprised?
digging the ideas behind railsbridge ([URL]
my roommate _tickle loves to ignore me
would be nice if he did
oooh,  i have a question for you all. does your chain hang low?  idk! sorry!
:  she's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal.
12:06am and my 'him' is officially the 1st one to say happy mother's day to me   i love it!!!
ohhhh! ok! thought that i was going nuts!! maybe they will pass through here on the way back!
not if you have to be to work at six...
and, i'm accumulating money again, so i can use a fancy finance app. thinking of getting another cd or an ira.  saving for a house. crazy!
watching freo on a sunday arvo is a good hobby
i am now cleaning
i read somewhere they were restoring the name, hope it happens soon
i just wish  would send a bruh a dm 'i won't be on til' so i don't waste my erection on a bot
- i always appreciate your 'musings.'
trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!!
ah lol okay. thanks
u-verse is up and blazing at 25mbps.  i don't have anything to download though
the horoscopes website i use has all changed around  i like it!
hope you'll be able to join us for future editions
so exhausted..can't sleep. i don't like these nights
awww for me i just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset
watching **** & the city at my brothers soccer game. i have totally defited the purpose of coming.. hehe
she's good. trying to suss out chap 7 when i'm not working. trying to suss out a lot of things, but meh, you know whatever!
i would appreciate it if you would. i am a big tim kaul fan ya know
not feeling comfortable with myself today
thanks for the morning laugh. you are just too funny
hahaha i miss bradddd and all of the guys and keith.
awww, that sucks  but they're so awesome when you get one, all squeeky and happy. i only have one left now though
blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. that felt really good.
pfftt... i wish. don't have time though.
fail.    if you fancy a pit stop and a cuppa you know where i am!  lol
thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out
i miss you too!!   and don't say 'damn'!!!  lol
i would if i was drivin :\ hahaha. but get me a carol c. special, yeah?
lol you always make me happy.  i promise i won't. lol its only 1 silly. you are up late too my friend
hahahaha definitely!  still writing?
maybe i'm lacking in friday feeling cos more of my trousers won't go on  thunder thighs!
i'm a bit late, but the new twitterific interface for the iphone is very cool, oh and richie and lauren on their engagement
big sugar = yet another '90's bandwagon i was too late to get on. next s&d bnl should reunite them (kind of like they did for the odds).
took mr timothy for a run, he's quite fast if i hold up his bottom
roflmfao!!!! you love us better, don't you!
[URL] - i love both your hairsss
thank you!  tomorrow is my b-day too! i tease my mom and tell her i was her mother's day gift.
listening to the falling rain...lalala
what the hell is follow friday?? don't get it
_y_tony and didn't bring me any????  you suck
trying to sleep, watching cnn and thinking about todays meeting at work...best buy 24/7 in my life, oh well.. whatever pays the alcohol
thanks
goodnight. actually, great night. seeing daniel tomorrow!
stoooopit! stooopit girl!  that used to be my bro's rendition of 'stop it girl'.
power outage, door to freezer propped open, 3g ice cream make for slippy floor  m-er f-er!!
is asking that everyone please join me in praying for my mom she just got home from the er and has to go see a heart doctor
i can't do that.  i take it at 11, or i work through it.  those are my options here.
i've got jam! oh yea.
i think i just about have all my info syncing properly between my mac, mobile me, and iphone. yay! finally
i don't use it, but i heard that powershell is nice
have to avoid the burning desire to say i already have one  no, no room for piglets, just enough room for chucks
lmao dimples naww thats cute , ok ill try to remember first of winter is dimple day
put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good
hates continually getting sick whenever he has exams
@_anniemay omg no fair
i'm feeling so frustrated...i just can't get things to work!!
omg soo tired! on my way home! long busy day ; had fun meeting new people and catching up with some people!
my dreams have been crushed...spock does not like the ladies.
wishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it back, but he thinks i'll cut with it..... [URL]
hah eeee, although understandable.. i need a new picture for this thing.. but i'm all sweaty
oh haha thanks again! that's something new!
this is exactly y i hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me & 1 held up a knife  scum!
hey there! what's up?!
cloudy day in berlin. just about right to sit in front of a computer all day
getting emilie in half an hour, should get up.... have a nice day all! talk later i hope
thanks for the heads up, ethan. watching it now
very. i'm ill and attempting to remember lots, and nothing is going in.
awww mary i wish i could come but i'm going away 2morrow
wonders if i'm d only 1 dat n church sumtime nt knowng certain sungs. seems like erbdy knows it but u? quickly feel bad cnt sing along .
bank holiday mondays rock, particularly when they follow the kind of sunday i just had
hahahahahahhaaaa god randy, i miss you!  hope you're having a great time buddy! catch a wave for me
on twikini while enjoying the sun
pissing annoying date stamp on all my pictures. wish i'd remembered to turn it off.
there's nothing worse than getting a text about a dog that was abandoned in your town
love you ::hugs:but i'm not seeing anything...wondering if i'm doing something wrong)
lack of plans for tonight  anyone going out?
trying to work...
_louise yeah. like that
uploading photos. ughhhh, i have to go to school early tomorrow. fml. but woo excursion. i win
good thing is: they have a computer. bad thing is: it blocks all vidjagame sites! yes, even vgtribune.com is blocked!
thanks  for shoutin out my mom today  she also says thanks!
need to sleep but can't
time for bed.....got some learning to do tomorrow with an early start  night night good people ****
_tarrant nice! it's mommas day
alright, so day was going well, but got home, and all my potato salad was gone
my dad is taking me to school & picking me up tomoz. plus i have drama almost all day. score bludge day
brilliant day today, got the car washed and got a washing done! just have to go to work in an hour
i couldn't find any extendable ones.
we finally got our graduation gear today, i'm so excited. can you believe it? just 41 days left! aaah  and the sweater is so cozy
[URL]   horten moss kï¿½
storysize is 2 (and it's posted as a short story, not one liner), but doesn't show up in any news friends can see. only in wall
sorry but there is no parking space. and i just realized i didn't delete one sentence doing copy&paste in that email
--of them kinda turns me off of it all.  and then i buy more of them and dig a deeper hole, etc. ;;
listening to lily allen's last album - it's quite good
cool! ok yeah see i dont have the old files with separate vocals so im trying to punch em all up as one track(all i can do)
boo for being at work during #beatwittyparty but at least you're still here!
awww. if i coukd send it from my phone i would. what kind of flair would you like?
_786 it's no secret i'm an apple boy! have considered the iphone dark side many times
its cold
i couldn't get used to the columns in tweetdeck.  there was only room for 4 or 5 columns on my macbook.
*yaaawn* stayed up too late last night, still gotta work & get up super early tomorrow
#web20 -- a good metaphor in democratic process: truth is better served, not by transparency --  but by the opaqueness of private 'vote'
i didn't like the new terminator movie, man
off to prom. say hi to me
shame i've gotto go to work
just found out that they are running a lil behind.
evermore & end of fashion rocks! my poor foot though! oww! injured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
no not yet...
_iain well my team couldn't
some great stuff on website today
well thats me for the day, watching panthers tonight beat the saints (fingers crossed) cause there are no qld teams playing this round
little one's cast is taking a beating. it is starting to show some wear and tear and it has been on less than a week. she is too active!
trip to dc next week canceled.  so, no artomatic or beer with .
still unbelievably shocked about the firing of the best radio personality, martin streek
watching oceans 11 in vegas - seems so appropriate
lol! based on my last post then, i'll plan on using you as a reference
haha it's ok. i really don't like getting to other businesses so its ok,
how i met your mother and scrubs in role! yeah! 'cause i'm fly!
i'm at work
notion video deleted.
phone went in the toilet   the truth is i'm surprised is hasn't happen sooner!
now i'm in hmv
watching merlin omg he is cute
people from england can watch this one  thankyou
working on our baseball fundraiser  get 10% percent off platium or diamond wedding package if you let us know you saw us on twitter!
my sister is graduating too & i can't afford to buy here anything
4 very big ???zongzi) for lunch, ate more, but not work more.work less but eat more, what  can i do w/h it? too useless become.
why go winchester when my sister doesnt go there any more!   bad times.. x
i love the start to a fresh new week, 'tis when i am motivated most
guinness at coogars
that's cool. well if you need any more help regarding that, google is your friend. plenty of info on that!
thanks lady!!
yes because i haven't worn jeans in ages
for those of you heading out of vancity i've heard the hwy is closed east bound at cwack
no school today! that's greeeeeat!
have a great night, it was so nice meeting you last night! you are a sweetheart!  xoxoxo bye for now.
just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today!
just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking ****
yes really if it is that time of day again.   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
lol  grey skies as far as the eye can see, which is about 20 yards
confuzzled
has just finished uploading my latest chap  finally! now, off to watch the new happyslip vid :3
dont get to see my boys tomorroww.im sad
have a fantastic opening flower drummers!! from the all asian cast and crew
me! oh wait wrong state
3 live p2v migrates, 5 vmware vsp exams, and a magento config, a quiet weekend at party central
_newman i just called and it's sold out.  bummer. next time!
feeling so low and depressed that i'm not on holiday
just read that message about u being at stephanie's in greensboro.....love it! i miss my home!
the stuff i got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. it didn't help.
you don't reply to none of your fans ... i don't know what trust
rude.
i wish we could make a quick trip to la in july  i miss la
ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake
that sucks! i'm going to be doing summer school.  need to catch up on several units
dude!!! wtf!! i text you this morning so that you can take care of me! so uncool..... it's confirmed... you hate me
yeah wtf with that? my noggin doesn't take to either
_molotov go much bamboo? would you like to attempt to structure a sentence that makes sense? why did i fail english and others pass?
braxton was up at 2:30 untill 4am and now he won't sleep more than 15 minutes at a time! it's hard to be a mom on days like this!
me too bb
had a nice dinner with mom! i've started the chicken rolls. they are going to cook overnight. the rest i'll do tomorrow.
60 days today  i can't believe it's been 2 months. i'm nervous about what i'm gonna say later. but i'm gonna keep comin back.
twitter has spam!!?? oh no
omg that dunk on dampier was massive! big ups!!! love it...
five o'clock can't come any faster
rcb trashes mumbai indians....  i feel bad for mumbai indians, they just didn't know what hit him...
oficially mother's day! hug & kissa ur mom today more than u do everyday  cooking 4 her is a good idea, i'm making enchiladas suizas =]
- hey, lenny, we are waiting you in bulgaria again soon! the concert last year was... omg!
krys: running, mud baths and nice french food in napa w/ jimming
i  have a visual.  i'm smiling.    see
dakota just had a her first bath since being spayed... she was in heaven!
thank you! i really appreciate that babe
dinner with the parental unit is always grand
i would watch if i was at home
caps lost. argh! but hp game evening was much fun
i love everrything from breadtalk  i would eat the whole place if i could
it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain
_grl love your new profile pic
- well, look who's tweeting.
miss u more
hello taylor.. just wanna say i've already voted 4 u i think 5 times..haha
the movie takes a lot of digs at the indian movie industry so may not much sense, unless you have followed it long enough
justwatched the most depressing episode of jon  kate ever!!!i actually almost cried.
finally mike0hh's birthday <3 can't wait to **** ruin it
you don't love me anymore!
bought it.  now i have to wait 2-3 weeks.   boo.
going on a picnic with my dad - atleast i persauded him out of the idea of walking & cycling. yum, special k.
how does this follow friday thing work?  i don't have any real followers
its so **** hot! **** no air conditioning.
had interesting wknd. sleeping saturday & productive sunday!!
is watching 'wall street', and realizing that since it is on a movie channel she won't get a potty break
gots a headache now
good morning twitterworld!  slept too less..
is watching the final episode of e.r  goon subo 2 win britians got talent
the new redesigned cricinfo : [URL] i hate change
cool show last night had me in fits
i only have one day left in school  my 16th is approaching
thanks for that
0k...enjoy dora the explorer..  greetings to your niece!!
why isnt everyone with you?
i wanna move to england! 'ello, i must go to the loo. i will head to my caddy,yes.' gahaha and the awesome accent.
missing  on his birthday
not a fan of the bulmers, but the magners pear is awesome, i want slush puppy though!  #hurryup #classy #omgimpatient!
gonna go make my meme's mother's day card then go hop in the shower and hop to sleep!!
atl to nj....almost home
music update before leaving. check out the songs photograph by air, disco friends by just jack, stand up by the prodigy. and enjoy!!!
nice...i'd like to be there...but it's too far...  i'm from brazil... kisses and have a nice day!!!
i'm with ya....  doesn't  follow me either
i wish i could sleep past four a.m. on my nights off  good morning!
new guitar hero metallica guitar is already broken  #fail
haha you're welcome! i was honestly going crazy too. have a great night as well
goooooodmoring , i don't want to be up i am yat   happy birthday again _aygee !
why must jay leno leave his own show
gettin my cardio on right now. walkin to the train station awww i so miss the gym
just thought of a spanish name that she will pretend to be one night out: ariella gonzalez. like it? don't care because i do
i don't know what i'm doing  i feel so empty lolll cheesy but true :/
phone power is dying!
good luck going to sleep. i'm up working on a stupid paper. no worries. ur not alone.  so u ready to record that album or what?
geesh 5 days straight (he's not the boy-nside joint) lol .....headed with  and then go c bf
great new directory on babysitterdirectory coming soon!  and its a directory with a twist.  all will be revealed next week!
want to learn how to make flowers????
i've done nothing today apart from moan,whinge,moan
lannen fall?    we have a new ep coming out shortly.  i want you dudes to hear it!
_hime i played up until the latter parts of the voodoo village part co-op until i lost my usual partner
but lorraine kelly is a sexy mama!
wish i was rollin with ya
so had a freakin lond thursday  ready to hit the hay and surprise surprise i can't freakin sleep :/ boo!
i think we could be related
sighs. where's my candy
about to pik out my hair, braid it up, scrub off my make up and relaxxxx.... tonight was fun
bali!! can wait for it
_127 glad you got a laugh out of it
i gots a pandora bracelet for my birthdaaaay
ikr?! my mom got it for me a birthday a few years ago. tis the best
i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore
my last full week of school!
piecing a photo quilt for boeing employees to be hung in huntington beach. sadly, many people in the quilt pics are now laid off.
thankyou sugaaar  btw i'll leave this town on 7, really hope could see you next time ya ra. skrg sempit bgt sih waktunya ya
had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy!!!!! now gettin ready 4 church  yay!!!
drive safe linz... give us some pit stop updates on where you are
total tv quote, not sure if u would know it
was eating a tomato and it squirted all over me.
i think ive buggered up my mobile  ack. i am a stubborn **** and refuse to get a new one.
@_aislinntighee bhaha, its a teenage nightclub and i am at home when im supposed to be there. they had no **** license. no more touch
bye!! great meeting you!
i gots a summer job
i'm so sorry!! i hope she's ok  ****
[URL] (mpaa shows how to videorecord a tv)    via
a friend is someone who will help you move. a real friend is someone who will help you move a body
but then you won't see her hotness much either
aww  you are too kind!! hi sweetie! are you guys out partying without me   i'm the only person who came to work 2nite lol
thanks! i have a teflon liver (being scottish, i was raised on whisky)
haha, it's okay to be different!
i asked mum bout going out tommorow, she laughed in my face lmao
[wrong!] #liesboystell your the only one, i love (they really have several women)  [URL]
i am so hungry...if my arm were on the core diet i would eat it!  guess i have to wait until dinner is ready
good evening terri! have missed you lately, hope life is being good to you. have a wonderful evening !
ah. i lived all over the baltimore/dc suburbs the last 5 yes then finally made it back to my home state
you should come over before friday and teach me how
omigoodness i feel like a popsicle
goodmorning !
it's too hot.  i don't like it.
just fought with my printer...after 2 hours i claim victory... i hate electronics
is chatting to one of her besties.
eminem's new song 'beautiful' is amazing!. listen to the magic right now!!  [URL]
just got home from morongo.. havin a corona  won 100 bucks woo! lol i wish it woulda been 100,000 instead :-/
i want to hit that
where were you on wed night?
nice skillz nick  x love always, marjorie & jemimah. sydney, australia.
i like this bride's sense of humor, she wore this wedding gown once...by accident!  [URL]
nothings better than having to take a cold shower in the morning
she could have been a lost dog  poor girl
yeaa i'm so sad i've watched her live performances in peru etc and they are epic!   i wish she'd just come to n.i! lol xo
do me a favour, tell me what you think about me
whoa!! hahaha! wee going there in a bit! just watching hugh jackman's interview at oprah.
my student just walked in balling.  she just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.  i don't know what to do to cheer her up.
_sm i'll have a look. do you live in the centre of glasgow? i was born on bellshill & grew up in bothwell. i miss tunnocks pies
i'm sorry, that stinks.
it's kind of like your birthday is 3-days long!
is wishing she would get more followers
i almost lost you again phone  silly indy
social was fun. swam in the water in my boxers
macs ftw btw. .just because.. and if you're still using the grandaddy pc's you lost at life.. jp  (..not really..)
had a great night! tomorrow is mothers day
ack! ghost whisperer isn't on!   **** network's lucky they gave me walk the line in place of it...f*ckas. jp is hawt.  :0)
one is not supposed to have a headache on a friday. that's just not right.
sittin through this boring **** conference call... then i get to go home n nap *{missin  alot  }*
that's such a long time from now
its ok..i was kinda feeling ignored anyway  and its sunday arvo 330pm. going out for lunch & wine!
_ omg and you never would believe what we did. ahaha, i loved it. but it felt like a movie, but real!!
it's friday and sun is shining and its quite warm already, just walked the dog, he is so freaky  hyper
long weekend is over... looking forward to end of may then
not to thrilled about the marathon this sunday, they assigned me on the street. less $$$
j ross you can't leave the killers still singing and run the titles - you should have been edited out for more music - happy - not
how's your dog?
nothings really going *well*...however currently theres nothing else to look forward to so may aswel make the best of it
yeah--those pants are horrible!  yeah--my wife loves the job.  she loves performing and kids, so it's a good environment.
is upset, i left my phone at home again
instant internet marketing empire! + *bonus* recoup your investment in 24 hours or less  [URL]
so, no yarn arriving until monday and i don't even know what's in this shipment.  i have nothing to dye.    now what?
_carter vid is marked private..
this is what pundits are paid for...how will tv channels and websites run otherwise
real stressed
getting ready for summy yummy cocoa crispies
ready! its raining in miami though  go cavs right?
at school. rusty just put oh it is love on my ipod. awh
_nash ba-dum-tish!  you win
i know exactly what you mean. my treats are more 'awhile' than 'once in'
wish could, but riding a tour from chicago back to iowa.
stupid competition stuff keeps getting in the way  but i am going to get some words in today if it kills me   _writes
bank holiday in london! woohoo
is very disappointed that cadbury chocolate blocks got smaller
just finished studying for abnormal psychology. eek. i still have two more days. i'll do more than fine
he's been doing my makeup for years... long before tyra stole him away from us.
dont look at my toes... put shoes on, then painted big toe!
_ho yay you can eat proper food now!
so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it
aww thats wikid, i need to book myne again sooon  miss you to lovely!! im off ned some brekkie.. speak soon dudde ****
... and, i was the only person who stood up for them. the world is full if spineless ****. this makes me sad
zac brown is in virginia beach and i'll be in nova
[URL]  what would happen if the bees died?
i hate being young
yes, that does sound like a distinct advantage. fortunately, i enjoy being female.
seems like everyone i know is asking for computer help...   kill me now
can't sleep and nothings on tv!!
too much good food on this mother's day. not that i'm complaining! seafood, durian puffs and macarons! yum!
i think i'm falling in love with you!!  **** #iloveyou
my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed
had a lovely mothers day
shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell on a bar in speech today. i felt so bad for him
brand new is playing at the epicenter in july when i'm in ny. jesse lacey why do you hate me?
my little sister told me i have a double chin  aww
is it a worldwide number? caause for some reason my phone wont dial the number
is now following chester bennington, awesome!
just saw g.o.d perform i love you i thank you by mc mong.
not yet. i save the pages to read for when i travel
lol i hope i find someone to give me one too! lol
i wish they replied to us. july will be utterly amazing!
such a busy day today!! banbury fair fashion show tonight and move into my apartment tomorrow! i have no started packing yet
daddy wanted to buy me shoes, but they were prettie esspensive, so nao i haff to go bearfoot
head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. doesn't feel like a friday
on a sunny walk round the lake this morning we met a mother goose and father goose and five baby goslings
done with geology!! but i'm really missing my favorite sisters! especially because they can't go to banquet tonight
ohh and coffee break is my fave too! they rock!! lol
defo can't wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music
i feel extremely depressed right now.
50 is sooo much better than 65  my biology score's so bad.
i love his nose kisses
not good news  time for an incredibly hard decision.
jane austen's books!,    pride and prejudice & emma are great!!, also  northanger abbey!
so how's the new gphone?! i guess i should have signed up to go to google io after all
love the movie grease! can't believe that jeff conaway is the same guy who played kenickie...so sad to see him on celebrity rehab
...just waiting to get picked up at the train station by my bro and then off to the gym. can't believe i bumped someone last night
yes
delays/cancellations really bite. have had my fair share and can sympathize. hang tough!
you can do it
omg me 2 !! haha i was half an hour late 4 work whoops !! hahaha i h8 workin sat mornins
my picture won't update.
i don't even want to know why you know about vhemt, but don't go - we'd miss you
so tired
i want van basten to b the milan manager !!!
sleep is not coming easy. sleeping pills. need them. maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. no sleep=craziness. proven fact!
heart to heart mom to mom open talk mom  [URL]
i have to use the bathroom
i love my boogah! can anyone contain lebron james?  talk about so sick
but ... but it's michael bay ...*sigh* i'm sorry, love - didn't know you felt that way about it   xd
sweat is just not cute.  unfortunately i haven't figured out how to work out without sweating. boo.
i want to go to the pub. boooo.
did you not think of texting me that!? i've just read it now lol! figured out the html on my own.
haha, she's up here to stay, it's nearly 2 hours on the coach for her to get here, may not be convenient for an hour of tv!
headache boo
same here, having a nice, quiet sunday
anyday! i hate living here!
quick catch up on missed neighbours ... poor libby
haha no. i just connected my phone to my wifi.
// sounders game tomorrow! and mother's day
lol - we're like polar opposites, ben! maybe that's why we get on so well
putting up a half naked dougie poster  i love sugar's ladmag
happy mothers day!  <3
have a awesome day at school!!!
all alone at home.....
ran 5 miles, went to the gym & woke up ur great kids....dependable danny  hope it has been great already
i may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  [URL]
star wars ............ is **** boo??? i wanna do your jobe hand it over  u can act as me at my high school   lol
it's not.
a gift to myself. published! episode 68 align and re-align with sensitivity level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  [URL]
i cant even call a **** man  **** on bogus ****. yah digg?
caught up on emails for my research project.  yay for labels and search in #gmail.  much easier
also just spoke to my <3...              ï¿½tearï¿½
glad you liked the gmail add-on too. we visual people like the asthetics to be right don't we.
'i think you should know this. he's going to break up with you. and i just had to tell you. i'm sorry. i know you love him.'
i love old school horror movies more, i got elvira tattooed on my back
dow futures up 60 points in over night trading. looks like may is off to a good start so far  /f
omg... folding my laundry and matched all socks to its perfect pair!  good laundry folding day it is
oh yes. there was no feasts left
nice we didn't see the fireworks but we sure heard 'em
how do you forgive yourself for hurting the one you love the most?
_shaw night babe
_ackles new to twitter. new to supernatural - im only 1 day old :0) jst ordered 1st season, after seein 1 gud random ep lastnte
guess im staying home tonight...no movie-ing for me
going to bed.   goodnight
hahaha thaanks!  iï¿½m from brazil!
i am ****...**** you lucas at your czech republic beer that tastes like heaven in a bottle!! your amazing
didn't win a lammy last night  but happy for scott sherman, who did. walked my feet off at bea today.
is youtube not working properly for anyone else? i can't watch videos because they keep failing to load
says numbers are all good - all that's left is the white blood cell count.  [URL]
searching for dr. scholl's sandal inserts for men. it seems they only make them for women
nope no idea, i've registered, so far no response
own 2nit but i cant go.
pineapple rocks bud
**** traffic. going to be late!
i feel sorry for your nails. lol... i feel fine thank you
lady across the way had a miscarriage, say a prayer
the website i'm developing - [URL] lets you also share videos, documents, maps and events - later music too
going to the doctors
ahhhh....  the the wonderful 8-track adaptor.
im free at last, tomorrow i get to remember what sundays look like
im good thanks, may need you're advice soon as im playing with a new font of my own
ment to be doing hw but not going to happen!!! ill pray for tia!  rose is in the shower so sh.. [URL]
i'm bored... don't want to stay home tonight, but don't want to spend money  blah
thanks clair, i haven't watched it yet.
lady in the water is pure bs, but i remember enjoying his other films.
watching ace of cakes: lost edition omfgggg
falling asleep and waking to gun shots arent fun
i wish y'all...unfortunately i won't be able to make it...gotta work my 2nd gig today
not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything & everybody
i now know that we've made a difference in each others lives...i feel proud.
thanks, i found it already
that sounds good
oh yes, i ave never orderd from there, a lil funny at first to do so, i will check it our ta
awesome! i am at 1505 west lake street: right across from the dunn brothers on lake
i'm twitterring and facebook-ing and blogging and myspac-ing and bullshitting
how about a new article on finding your youtube channel stats in your google analytics account? can't find it
don't wait on red, could be ages. i know what you mean, though. really looking for a new job
kinda bummed that i'm gonna miss 's return to bg. now i'll never know what it's like to make love to _gunn.
just talked to 's cute grandma on the phone.  she only speaks hindi-not my best language-but somehow we manged
i honestly hope the theatre gets hit by a meteor before you get there
alright gang. gotta go park with family for an hour. back then  mwahs to yu if you head to bed before then
go log in to your myspace page.
contemplating borrowing one of my moms dogs just for today..i want to take care of someone.
hi eric i hope your having a beautiful saturday
i just watched that episode again last night.
do you remember my spok-5?
is off to get some dinner
exhausted, but forced into attending a lock-in
sorry again, i don't have a twitter ap on my phone, so i only text to it, i can only reply on the internet for now.
_01 here is winter, but not snow
bella doesn't love me no more
is thinking today will be a longg day!
you are one of my favorite musicians/artists ever!! please keep up the great work john
ok crowdsourcing failed,
too early ,,, i'll spill my corn flakes
i swear its so hot i dont want to leave my house  is it hot where your at?
waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a
aww, thanks!
i didn't say i met *all* the awesomest people, just a bunch of them.
and aww and heee. nicely done, your weekend guest! *approves a lot*
wish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today
pilot to co-pilot baby we burnin' up   /i cannot stress how much this line works.
that's how it was for me in march...it came sooo slow..then it was over in a heartbeat
cat is anxiously watching wild turkeys in my back yard....i think they have their eyes on my bunny rabbit
one interlock down one to go
is a hot hell of a mess. i wish i would have gone to arlington for zeta!
hope all is ok.
fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..
go with firefox
still a bit of a warning signal in my head saying: 'you want yesterday's headache back? ok, get yourself a coffee then, quick!'
[URL] - my bestie leah  havent seen her in so long
slice you up a treat?
i am bored. :| any idea's of a nice site?
my tomato soup tastes like red peppers
the least i can do for you is re-tweet it when it's ready. so @ me  mine is [URL] - i talk about viral tweets
that's better than missy 8 telling me i should be on the biggest loser
so which one are you the good, the bad or the ugly
ahhh fcukkk...i missed out again  you must fill me in with the deetz...see you tonight?!?!!
alright, sorry. but i think you should go anyways
for the record, john mayer is freaking cool.
morning all  and its a lovely day at last
what!?!?! i can't believe i had to find out this way...don't you ppl contact family first??!!? i'm so sad!  who was it?!?1
i bet so
im 20 - believe me, i've tried! i'm just too ginger! freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancerfree
thanks, the more, the merrier
i just banged my elbow and its bleeding  owwiee
rainy season-- here it comes!
[URL] - home sweet home... i didn't have a picnic blanket though
mine are older than yours.
i want some candy!!!
just nothing perfect in life, darn it!
why am i awake?
poooooooor sheeeep!!!
maybe he could drill a hole in me?  lol    oh snap!  (sorry couldn't resist)
omg. .please jonas brothers add an extra date in dublin in november! i tried 2 get tickets but dey were sold out.
well i guess i'm not heading out to la this weekend, doubt i'll get to go to the ps blog meet and greet
your welcome.
thanks for the follow man
sold bikes faster than expected, and we are running out of sizes.    luckily the single speeds are on the ocean now! eta -  eo june.
hi this is [URL] we hope everybody is having a safe & fun weekend
sitting at the audi joburg fashion week casting. so many lanky people in one place! almost 100. lol. good luck to everyone  ****
it's after midnight & i hear the shower calling me- technically it's not twice in one day since it's morning-- i'm not very 'green'.
haha iya  starting to tweet again krn mitzy baru ber-tweeter jg nit.
i'm glad  you def needed a pick me up!  drama free!
the boys didn't finish their tacos so now i'm eating them happily
awww lol yh it is worth it-  mcfly are worth it 2  eekk
not good you're not comin close to where i love on tour
gor i am soo bored, man i don't think i could get any more bored
lol only if you make me that cookie.  i'll hit you up.
i'm a huge fan of take that since i was a baby.. yeah, 6 months really feels like 5 months.
i hope i'm doing something right. had an influx of reviews on a 1 year old fan fic telling me they love my style of writing for hp.
a 35 minutos... split-up.
yeeeeeessss i can't wait! too bad i can't drink
wants everyone to know he's off to watch cypher... again
i wish i could be at work as opposed to being wit the kids cuz it's the hardest job eva
mint choc ice cream whilst studying.....now thats good
my teeshirt is faaar too small for me but i like it too much to stop wearing it
i'm varnishing my nails baby-blue now...
back home in palmdale. in bed with my mommy
i can't believe this! did they give you any reason?
finally back from the stupid holiday ! missing the fit bar men though
on the way to home
a surprisingly good day, now its time to sleep. hopefully sweet dreams await me
no evidence, no conviction ! absolutely hilarious.. makes my day every time  [URL]
coffee in hand and sun shining in my window.  hope everyone's having a great monday morning so far! #monday - mr
i do  but im on a strict diet. . . ugh i feel like if i cheat for one day ill throw everything up.
ahhhh \you are soo smart  thanks for this schooling of thoughts
fun in the sun hmmm hell no it's cold
i am 28 and i still haven't been to a club. lots of bars, though. i don't think i'm missing much
yeah its goin to vmail now.. i called it while i was in the store.. no luck
good luck with the pump!
i am sitting here taking a little break and trying to recharge so i can continue housework
ahaha i know. but now i can't do anything over the weekend
hii,i freaking love you  i would be the happiest 13 year old girl alive if you replied to this.
bus stuck in traffic; gonna be late
i heard one of your songs, and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
zelda fans!!! pand_i - zelda: the minnish cap, and a want for more music taste: zelda = epic  i&#.. [URL]
i hate rain and people.
europe bound
just waking up...ahh i have a headache
be my guest !
i'm a giver, and life rewards the takers.  we givers make takers possible, but we get no appreciation for what we do--we just get taken.
good morning tweeps! i have a feeling i won't be oversleeping now that gracie is around.  she pounced on my head and woke me up at 7am.
yup is ace film tho
finished sewing for the night, uploading pictures from slidebar and beach. i cant believe i am having difficulties with twitter!
he keeps makingfun of my typos!
on my way to see diplo with my girl kathryn at smartbar!
ugh, you people and your fancy trips to italy while i'm slaving away at this computer.
morning t! i love their breakfast! if i wasn't stuck at the shop right now getting maintenance done to the ride!
fun who did you go with??? another park no invite!  lol
i wish i could get twitter to upload my background of m
wishes that she has a private jet so that she can go see her bff @ times like this.. ok ok..ot really thinking of carbon footprint here.
[URL] - pretty **** good friday night
your not following me  it won't let me dm
first year in ages where i'm not going to the crafty raft :o i don't mind though, i don't even like the crafty raft
arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  burma or cuba???? eeeep help!
oo never played it  thats so good that u like 2 play games most females dont like too
ready to crash!...had a great day and a fun night! i couldn't ask for anything more  night!
?happy birthday to u? happy birthday to u? happy birthday to u? happy birthday to u? happy birthday to u? and many more!
awe i feel so left out
he's my boxing trainer. although i think the bruise came from me hitting myself on something. ow
i have the best bestfriend in the whole world .. my mother's day present = ambien, klonopin and a quarter! woohoo!  smh...
. well gotdamn girl!!! i dont know what else!!!!  i'm sleepy again! grrr
and gadget show today  can today be any better?
srry can't go paintballing tonight  and there are no good movies out
oh well   its great to see the canadian math trades getting bigger though.
what have you done for mother's day?'*people who are a day behind us*'what will you be doing?' i took my mom to starbucks, she enjoyed it
sooo much work so little time
today something amazing happened...i fell in love with coupons!
had the best mother's day! breakfast, shopping and lunch, drinks, chocolate galore!
was jst out there wednesday
til the next asaran
also check out  and   2 other wonderful causes that need our help
just checked the diary and it clashes with uswitch.net beers
yeah i'd just uploaded 20 pics & positioned them just right, then 'poof' gone, before i could save
i just got a twitter account
oh dear. (i'm sorry, but i laughed  )
simple recipe for creamy spaghetti with bacon, corn, mushrooms and peppers  [URL]
omfg.lmao.lassetti was right... those bangs did look bad.  lmao
live now! but nobodys there!
oooh really haha have they said anything about it yet!? i'll suggest the idea on twitter if you want/havent already
and how!  it's already been 1 year, it'll be wwdc 2010 before you know it.
if you don't want to come then don't come. jeeeeez.
paul scanlon sharing from god's word this morning, he's sounding a bit hoarse perhaps a touch of *#cold*? it won't hold our pastor back
now i'm fully awake
#depechemode concert next week cancelled  alternative date not known yet. dave gahan had a tumor.
nice have fun....although you cant not have fun lol
tried nokia's ovi music store: 'nokia music does not currently support the mozilla firefox (mac os x) browser on your operating system'
oh no!  nighty night.
he is the meanest lil boy ever!!!!!!!!!! when i was a lil girl everyone loved me
ohhh. hm. i don't want to screw mine up
aw, sure thing  their in my thoughts and prayers.
is looking forward to spending time with mom today
my film didn't come out  the camera was broken. lamesauce.
but...he's..mine  you told me a couple of weeks ago that you didn't find any other guys hot apart from the ones you...
feeling sick at stomach today
off to jfk (again), should be in texas soon.
happy mother's day to all the mothers! especially mine!  enjoy ya day mothers!
football session after this.fun
they are great friends of mine. i'll let you know when they are playing next and you can come along and do whatever you like
am listening to darren hayes's spin. am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. i ain't at all tired and i'm messed up bout things.
good moring  gonna take a shower, fix my hair and then im going out .
i just wanna say happy mother's day to all the mommy's out there
i love your hat! so cool. that looks like it was a fun day.  and i love that you used the word 'crikey' just now!!
like the name  what kind did you get?
_always3 okay well thank you you are so beautiful too
already did... index finger, left hand... still bleeding, hurts pretty bad. i hate being clumsy
happy mother's day to all my twitter moms (including myself)
has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morning, jesus christ i want sleep
nobody does it better than www.traveljunky.com not even half as good   ? [URL]
i mean, i'm just figuring out how to work it all
so its my bday weekend and **** is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight
i spent 3 hours sitting out in the sun - picnic lunch + ice cream = win. we should have had a bbq today
[URL]  i've added a new icon to the feedicon database  have some fun with it!
wants to go the the vintage paper show but no one will accompany her
it will be an adventure!  have fun with your 5 yr old and 8 mo old! (you're brave.)    hope you have a great time!
going to workout + swin... fun
followed your bro _vet
has a face mask on. hehe
nice one
do you know if you text to 40404, it'll go to your twitter after you set it up with the settings.  and fb posts - text to 32665.
yeah i guess he does sound a bit odd 'cause he's saying really quickly
rain!!!!!!!!!!!! aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh! i'm gonna melt. **** it's cold. freakin cold.  brrrrrr
i wish i knew..  trying to figure something out here too
then you must insist you write essays the twitter way - no more than 140 characters
boopboopboop. still talking to ashley & brittany.  i've been talking to ashley for forever, and our convo still goes places. we're awesome
jake thomas looks so precious :'( i hate when they say 'there it is i see the white light' in every ghost whisperer show
happy star wars day? ohhhh...now i get it. may the 4th be with you.  love it. (and mondays). (sorry again) #starwarsday
back from aot last lec.. alot of question marks on my head.. but thank god for all the tips.. should be able to pull tru
i dont have my iphone until maybe next week!
what were you doing up at that time??
i no i no bt i had only been a gamer for like 2 years when i made that attempt  lol yea i luvd f1 to an extent
wahoo! thanks for the mention to others!
hey twitters
there is nothing for me to do here @ wk i should just go home... or i can go look at bathing suits  bah humbug lol
i'm still up! thank you all for praying (: ahahaha! i'm watching britney: for the record until school. today should be a good day
_girl - bummer...mail came but package didn't
that sounds pretty sweet, you too must be loving it! yeah man that sounds cool, keen for that
a thursday. is that really necessary  ? have u ever heard of school and horrible mums
apparently were not as good as the brazillians tho'
yep, lost my bet to chris
is a lumberjack  [URL]
i've missed one this year(!). it's the forbidden fruit. of all the trees in the garden i munch in disappointment on that one.
kennedy was re-injured at raw on monday. he's got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist.
_hypnotic oh thanx, just when i thought ilost it, iappreciate it
horrible dreams last night  also had one in which i was employed...sigh, if only.
feeling bad that  didnt get to see up
proper cba with out!
need to get an intel based mac 1st   but this impacts on dual core vs quad choice, latter probably better for virtualization
thanks for the follow, your family photo is beautiful  happy mother's day to your wife!
they are having a closing down sale !    does not look good.
i'm with ya on that one girl!
feel your pain with the hayfever - forgot to take mine yesterday, again.
_k_renee on a saturday? not so cool friend. same job  different position! let me know when your in town again!!! miss u
well i can't get cupcake because i can't connect to t-mobile's network because my sim card is corrupted
it's car crash tv at it's worst.
digging a downloaded film with mi familia. we love itunes
bed. church in the morning. happy mothers day
shouts out to  and
going to hong kong tonight. hope i can sleep in the airplane. worth case i have the last g. musso to read
better than what i did to my macbook keyboard yesterday! (spilled a whole cup of hot chocolate on it.)
i'm doing awesome! rachel n had a bday party today  it was fun. btw have you seen  sam's prom pix? they're gorgeous!
2 days of this month left, and i only have 400mb left on my onpeak downloads.
@_dritan dam you, i want an #android, stupid only rogers
ozzy isn't following you yet
what's that? the sun? no sign here
bran!! watch my video!!!!! please dont make me go stalker status 2nite  [URL]
blah. work at job one all day and job two all night.
ok...so i'm twittin from my computer...its gonna be bad when i get on my phone.. cause ima be lost like ****
finishing up my last friday at olive crest
everything okay?
the puppy is sick  and some one put they hands on my momma >:-|
is it normal for a masseusse to fully massage your buttocks? i swear she was a quarter inch from a medical exam..
well, i still can't wait for the one shot.
_ if i called your cell phone would you let me talk to your teacher?
dang i just realized how bad my eyes have gotten
yes. but, cute and predictable works for you...
_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9am! no0o0o0o!
thanks for the #ff shoutout -you stuck an extra e in my username tho, so the link doesn't work
is maxin and relaxin... ahhh
having dinner at jiuliani's with family yum!!!
i want some cheese fries from fontanas.
inspection went fine ... they like the house woopee. would just be nice if it had been this morning so i could have done stuffs today
ironpython + windows mobile is a no-go. compact framework doesn't support reflection.emit.
that just means you were not trying hard enought
aww  i have to go to class on that day... so imma do some weird half day thing just cause i wanna see what it's about
whats is up with me! i am spilling everything
lame
our jazz band freakin' kicked ****!! good job, team!
depressing day today, have to pack as leaving ridiculously early tomoro.
yeah, its super **** today   stupid writing!  ugh
brought cat to specilist. may be ectopic uritors. doing ultrasound. surgury would be >$2000. may need to take him back to humane society
should be going to bed but cannot sleep right now.
writing out mother's day cards to mom, aunts, and amyyyy can't wait for her to be a mommy
haha they might! good luck if you're taking it as well  i'm hoping i get a 1 for putting my name down
ah, i misunderstood your message. but really dislike the f word in the url   good luck with the march
_val_4_now not sure what youre talking about...im not on a ferris wheel im on my couch!
today i'm lonley girl with a guitar
my tvs not working  i wanna watch vhits :'(
morning to u
yes i do! and i'm still almost at my gmail storage ceiling! argh! i am being forced to delete stuff.... or buy more space.
two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! come on people, sell us your house!!!!!!!!!!! #parker #colorado
cleaned four bathrooms this afternoon....(yes, go ahead and feel sorry for me...lol)....mine are still waiting for my attention
argh! why why why
happy birthday husband
going to bed watching a bit of qi. wake up tomorrow to face the start of my last summer in bath. bit gutted atm to be home
would love to say tgif but working at 6am tomorrow
is it for dinner? the amount for dinner ones is greater than say an afternoon snack. a pack for the day is prob ok.
sold, so i hit cash and just took the tax out of my tips. but then my drawer ended up being 5 dollars short  idk if its cause
i wish i could go. see ya at warped for sure tho!
up and listening to the monsters.
haha i wish i could! i look like a little boy now
the time is 3.50am and if finished my essay  i can have sunday off  woop
had fun at chel's with nicole and cried watching benjamin button   exciting night i must say
dinner appointment tonight
i already know what happens on supernatural.
please give a shout out to my boyfriend ron griffin at 10pm show in denver. he's in the nosebleeds, so really shout out
success! another paper demolished! the rock god lives on! 2 more...well, 1.5 to go. yes!!! out to celebrate awesomeness ...
i'm not at chaseton's either  please don't die, my heart will be really sad
happy mothers day to all the moms out there !!!
i want to go outside and play in the sunshine, but i have to sit in front of a computer all day   at least i can have lunch on the patio!
anything!
oops, forgot we are having a barbecue at work today! i didn't need to pack a lunch after all
rogï¿½rio minotouro will fight now!
hurray twin girls born on this beautiful may day
i really need to update this more.
eww  what r u doing atm?
... waited for the band before the singapore show, met chris m and got tickets... nothing you don't know!
i think  missed me tooo
i want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me
is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm!
_2008 well, having to revise them!  was to do some more gardening, now, i guess hoovering and some warcraft  not played in a week !
yay! tell her i said congrats
dammit. i guess my baby daddy is some impostor then...i kid, i kid
huh? its 1 am already? shucks
had an awesome lunch with the family & now dinner with the in-laws
i need them  it would've made my picture so much cooler. mine are bottle green. eeyea-thooo!
hiya!  did you get a picture of your converse?? get your converse out!
it'd be really hard to give up my chocolate while reading.  does chocolate count as a food?
i'm good! thx.  and how are u? what are u doing?
off to nc tonight until june 7th! i'm going to miss nyc   getting ready for my 21st birthday luau bbq on july 11th!!!!!!!!
i'll do whatev but i dont have anything to wear
i've sent a twitter invite to poet friends, i'm hoping they will come poetize, would love 2 see more poets here  #poets
i'm back and i see i missed truck and fish on
if a cong govt was ruling karnataka, cauvery wouldn't have found a mention  truly, our politicians have no integrity.
asda ready meal - i don't think i'll ever be the same again
does that mean your going to block me?
haha, def. that song is epic, have fun  i'm listening to new fnb
ugh. i totally can't sleep.
nerves i think, im not sure
home sweet home <3  going to see hannah montana the movie again today <3 ddd
home lost the baseball game by 1 friggin' point!  now i'm gonna scrap.
went on a ride to tortilla flats this morning with , a little warm, but a nice ride none the less
whahahah thank you
ready!!!!!  ... i've heard bobo probobly 100 times , also bobobyebye!!
was there yet another semi final tonight?
well, i made the list look better, but i can't do anything about the number pictures, since i already closed that tab.
watching keeping up with the kardashian on youtube
good morning, gents!  how are ya today?
if i 'unfollowed' you - its not on purpose. something fishy is going on with my tweet deck !! let me know if i 'unfollowed' you.
it's ok.  i'll have reached 3,000 tweets and be in dreamland by then so have a good sleep!! talk later.
dont worry baby i'll eat sum cake for the both of us , i'll hit u up wen i get back. bye, dont eat too much at home
miley stevens - waterhouse is at jhy's house  [URL]
ohmigod, i would have loved that. alas, there was just lots of gun play. no dancing
home=san diego, why did the san jose weather fallow me
another day i haven't got time to play plus it's raining and chilly and also have a headache - wth? . . going back to sulking mode.
come on guys tell me how much your theater charges!!! i want to know if mine is fair and/or average!  me and hubby are having a discussion
thanks hun, it was great
wud like to. but i actually have a free weekend this time and family is visiting. so i'm staying put. next time
ticked off cause i can't go see 'drag me to hell' with melissa and amber. staying home on a friday night is not my thing.
_ary aaaww fall for you of courseeee
going to sleep? why so early? good night!
_a i have but you know it's not that easy..
ugh cant sleep on  this bus.  still have like 5 hours
peeps! me blackberry messenger is kwijt..  no pinging :p
but i don't wanna ruin it  can't i do it 'spontaneously' first on paper, then copy that spontaneity onto the book? please?!
wnna take a bath!!!!
you can put a saucepan full of water on the cooker to heat up the water...indian style  scrabbled are the best!!!!
it was lies. and my fav song is not alone from room on the 3rd floor
wishing i was attending #beatweetup i even bought a badge
awww. i wish i had a younger sis ): but i do have an older one!!! i bet your younger sis loves it just as much as u do!
live from new york its saturday night!  finally a new one
although it is becoming tuesday (soon) in new zealand  *  _starla    h... ? [URL]
_writes i've been wanting it for 2 years lol...that and a hd camcorder
_yavanna me too. she's everywhere...
holiday again
unfortunately i'm not  - someone's squatting on that
just downloaded twitterberry. my life is now even more convenient.
where's  poss   i miss him
shweeeeet!
it could be a bad idea, hayley
i don't say it, i know it.  because i'm just good like that
vancouver, so classy.  #canucks
bahahaha. i love gabriel - absolutely **** hilarious!!!
yeah, no. i already called to ask.
thats the crazy part - was for 16:30. but reasons include 'full schedule' & 'travelling with his daughter'... so. not. cool
wish i coulda been there
i'll be right over, save me a slice
'thick as pig **** - went to oxford' - helena's (cantab) friend's description of me to her boyfriend, yesterday...
@_esme_cullen_  i'm taking a million songs from your blip.fm station thing. sorry
wtf pogs are back too?
is chillin' with my hangover, hollyoaks and a plate of chips....sunday mornings
my preorder of the razer sphex shipped today. i'll be paying to review it because razer is ignoring my emails
@__jazz__  nope. back to 8weeks .... *sigh*
what's follow friday?? lol.
forgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!
well that exam rocked...one more to go - the one we've all been dreading! bit of revision tonight before work tomorrow
woo hoo party over here. its gonna be fun
_x who else do you loveee?
aaahhh i'm just so busy. sorry everyone.
sitting on the bed not wanting to go to work
in mallorca. want to play guitar   when i come home i'm going to buy the mcfly dvd first :]]
chatting w/ calyx.
i forget, are you in edinburgh? check out edinburghac.org.uk
good morning everyone  it's a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. and now i'm going to write some stuff
do u have a morrisons near u?? their chemist should be open!
****, i cut my finger!
some peoples kids..
friday night has gone too quickly   my bottle's gone for tomorrow.. come on everton
happy mothers day!
my gut says to replace $$$ appliances instead of repair, but i want to be smart with $. when i try repair, replace was the right choice.
hey dougie, just thought i would tell you that your gig in edinburgh got a brilliant review in the scottish sunday mail  ****
i feel so bad when the kid is sick
tweet us a story  x
luv you sissy
-- omg i can't believe jay leno is going off the air  i hate conan o'brian
bored and kinda lonely, my parents went up to the lake. i didn't have a friend to bring up so i knew i was bored and didn't go.
maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working
just came bak from dancing with my neewwww cd  haha im dancing again
on later than normal this morning, got attacked by a swarm of mini fly's after opening the veranda last night took an hour to get rid!!
is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes
ok, so i'm replying!  happy mothers day, indeed!
i no longer have a ticket for ny
me too! yay he got in. and the other kid who cries a lot
birthday girl ?  blessed to live another year & celebrate with loved ones
ooohhhhh - sorry  so sad - never noticed the dollar signs! #oxteach
videos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the published,  artificial, view count - oofm was already frozen when we got to it
uh oh u gonna fire somebody??
why is no one online?
yes, dahling... you are definitely one awesome tweep.   i'm sending love and kindness across the ocean to you!
u r welcome pal  u truly deserve 2 be followed
call me later so i can tell you all about the weekend. easier over phone.
just drove with my mom and brynn. my mom said im the worst driver ever...really??
good to know i'm not alone in my confusion
forgot my macbook's recharger, that means nothing but pratchett for me today
rt/westcoastgal88 - it's the facial hair, they both need to shave  [jr and jj]
getting ready to go read, pray, and go to bed. enjoy the rest of the night
is feeling so bored... i miss school time
nooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!! why in july? im gonna be back home  nooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!
just bought a magazine
sunniest week for ages....and exams
_ haha phew!  i've never said that before
yeah i know it's so stupid !!!!!!! there no jobs i mean come on
you really think it was that awesome? we'll have to discuss
seriously?? link plzz
oh dear, they selected the worst bit for highlight for soprano guy
yeah i saw, looks like hard work, but i would know  whats upp handsome
i only hve 9followers
fast & furious = excellent movie.  and andy is a great guy   most of the time....  lol
at home with her fam  see you in como tomorrow!
i have a question for you, ali.
for some strange reason, 'paranoid' sounds like u2. but i love them too, so it's aaaaall good.
hi donnie today i want 2 hear from u that u guys r going to reschedule nc so i dont have 2 b bummed anymore
drop the girl she's only got it for your heart she's sure to leave broke and bleeding, and you know she'll turn her back on you.  i lo ...
problem with my must do list is: once i write it i usually forget where i've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list
headache is gone,thank god!time for tea i think
right im off for a shower my little treasures, ill see you later on
haha, i was crying  ****
neil just picked me up for the show. my tailights out  cause of heartless hit and run.
indeed
last night in chicago!  making it one for the record books. wrigley most likely? see you there?!
just booked some tickets for jessicaaaa.
guy coming to see my car is late
hah!  sparkly ones at that.
revision time, biology exam monday
sitting in gatwick- going home for a week! cant wait to see family
no i don't mind kent it's just my best friend is going there and im going to miss her
working  god i hate it haha
chale... a ver define 'out'
having fun  with my friend !
this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue
happy mothers day everybody!!!!!!
y am i still awoke @ 5:12 a.m
we will!  we shall meet somewhere between utah and indiana.
what is it? i cant get onto bebo on this one!
i'm going to school...joy! :/ 7:20 am! i've got to go!  bye!
oh mother - christina aguilera. happy mothers' day to all the mamas!  ilovemymommy! <3
_guy just like me )))) no i must confess one dark side of me is that i can be sometimes stubborn + iï¿½m a little morning grouch
i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!!
anyone to recommend me jp artists with music similar to soichi negishi's amai koibito?
_mcr  yeahh me too haha the mine is mariel  i luv it! and the urs too =d  whats ur fav mcr song??
i wish the photos on your site were bigger
[URL] - i miss my babyyy
is wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( i am trying to learn how to tweet & it isn't turning out so hot
that's cool! i think del's going to korea same time as you! have fun!
i hav a bet to get a 6 pack in 35 days...im on day 3..it sux
cheap and good system  [URL]
argh! my embouchure= fail! makes me sad
totally addicted to xbox carcassonne.  i also really love tomb raider legend.  and still badly need bolt.
i'm eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it, burger king
looking forward to the finale of the race next week! missing my castle girls though... any and all race fans welcome to watch chez moi...
having a boo-hoo day. things just suck today
crisis averted!  phew! on a different note,  and ....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined
you fail. at life.
you geek!
great!
none of meowmie's friends have money, and even if they did, she wouldn't be able to pay them back.
yeah! love my hawaiian outfit. we reused that for rugby 7 this year with
can u believe the architect who planned a tar-black promenade in this small town won an international prize?and everyone who walks & jogs
[URL] - too cute
busssssss with everyone!  yayyy!!!!!!!
twitter's being mean w/ the pics lately! stole mine for an entire day!
watching season 7 of gg!
my tweetdeck is languishing in api hell. again.
doing research in the library (the building next to that one) will help explain. and not just reading
what a bad day!
yay! bannerbomb for the wii is finally out. i can run homebrew on my 4.0 wii.
my throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
lost a battle with the couch....phone has been blowing up
i swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues.
_ lmao i know!! they have two days off. good thing for them
trying to learn how to do this 'twitter' thing... i'll get there. welcome to all my followers, though im not that interesting
worse case scenario i'll take tomorrow am off. are you still up or you just woke up?
about to book train tickets for friday!
beautiful monday morning  so happy  [URL]
: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on tv cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo
love those ****
haha. lacey just shutdown the livestream. party time
is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
has had the flu pass unto me by andy...went shopping and got fresh chicken for chicken soup...but no d&d this sat ...is a sad panda
so wanted to go to the basshunter concert tonight.  so so so wanted to.
fey slays it in #30rock but title of that film sounds bad  #inbruges is a funny indie little euro city hitman gone bad tale!
: woot please post a pic, i won't recognize you without it
_rankin yep to you buddy  long time no talk, hows things and i see your cat still like sinking fangs into your ankle lol
getting back online, now. just shifting locations!
has a tummy ache.
**** i wish i was at botcon with everyone.
i'm kinda sleepy.. i was up too late texting a nice boy making date plans for next weekend..
the white dice are coming into the studio this eve 6-7pm, on 1386am radio city
infamous should have arrived today. but it didn't...
awake and ready to learn a little more
lolzz @ public script, wait  - n- watch
500! updates! wooow!! haha!!
having one of my bad days....migraine today. my 1st since my neck surgery about 2 1/2 months
in france it was last friday and also the coming one, we are working
'no offense, but your hair is bad today.' life isn't worth living anymore   nothing hurts quite like hair insults. *cries into pillow*
jus hit the casa, changing my swag cloth. would it be the pradas or the dunks tonight??
found out that one great thing about living in switzerland is the delicious bread - sometimes little things can make a difference
i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now
i guess thats just how i am lol
wow thanks for saying that man! i'd love to illustrate children's books!
is up. moooooorning!  [URL]
bet she plays on medium and you play on easy too huh...  #iphone #fun #game
tip 2 : at the very least make sure the bottle top is on securely and tightly...
is it bad that i sort of want her to miss me?  i know i will be missing her.
yeah, i think we've earned it!
won't really get a break till custody issue is settled and i've moved... another month or so, at least
one of the fake 'you's followed me. haha. i so wish it would be you instead!
told you!
sorry about that
i want the rain to go away! there has been too much of it lately
and again - you're welcome!
hi, is anybody else having problems with the karma site? it's not working.
shots suuuuck!  im done  no more vacines!
4 cases of swine flu!
i wish paramore would come to ireland
thank you very much!!!
cambs will be better im sure! eeeeeeeeee under a week now  we meeting on the sunday?
yup i stayed until the very very end  exciting!
yea i just got outta one too....i want him back tho  but i feel the same way...i'm cool on dudes for a lil while
we can sail around the world, you and me baby...
happy mother's day to allmothers, cheers!!
_guy hello - iï¿½m back  hope that happens not occasionally as on wednesday
doctor who has finished
yep,  that b-day kiss is gonna happen, right
bad day!  work's too stressful...been involved in a minor accident, but everything's ok so far. have to cut down immediately!
hilarious. so if she acts up, all you have to do is say 1 little word...'gummed up' grosses me out; hub says it 2 torment
would you travel to the uk for one?  the big us meets sound great, i'd love to go to one of those, so many furs & so much art
glad u liked post  looking at the back end now...the sub 2 your blog is automatic. send url and i'll verify.
you should.
well thank you darling...it was a pleasure shopping with you...you will see the first pics!
what do i have? lots of stuff.
just updated #tweetie and open in browser is still broken.
csi ny comes back to aus with '****, lies and silicone' (s05e04) evryone on east coast tune in tonight  pleaseee
oh no adult school again
love watching your yt videos and am really looking forward to seeing the collection vid
happpppy mothers day
is tired if ppl **** talking
lol  ****...i love those things too
took a short nap now im ready for work. my sun burn hurts
up and at em... got a big to do list for today, and hubby has to work   but then weekend is going to be just us... i think!
sounds fun!
my industrial is repierced, and i made a cute little friend
marche! i want rosti and crepes.
<-- follow my girl meagan
dice watching heroes again.  [URL]
it isn't easy!  be there for support, it is the best thing you can do is offer your love & support! lost both of mine early
_the_game girl!  work it! hope you had the slammer, and had fun with the moldovan! i want to hear details!!!
dear mr. president: please talk to us abt what you plan to do re: dadt. because right now, you just look like a liar.
: what a cute pic of the girls, and so vibrant.  i didn't get anything cpeven close.
updated blog. shows you should be watching: the unusuals [URL] go check it out
sunburn on my knees
_lopez i love you  kiss me!
aw poor you..ironing! eek! lol it's raining here too.....prob try and get out with the kids later..nt too exciting im afraid!
happy mother's day to all beautiful mother. may your love shines the world  thank you mum.....
glad 2hear it kerry!!! didnt know u were on gmtv this morning & i missed it!
oh tonight... looking forward to it
rain why must you come 'after' i flat iron my hair? i have been rockin my curls for 3 weeks and today you decide to come out. not nice!
i do hope many of my new followers are from around sydney australia  welcome to my tweets anyway.
i  didnt know there was a starwars day
walking the puppies downtown. also, mystery of missing cat solved: he  locked himself in basement for nearly two days.
yeah, that lying in bed thing's a bugger for blocking creativity  worse if you're pinned down by a pet cat, apparently...
ha i got another #followfriday. take that ! oh... your listed too... thanks a lot  ya jerk.
#3wordsaftersex i haven't started
watching miss cytheria
when oh when are you coming back for a gig in scotland? i had tickets to see u last year but was in hosp wit gallstones!
michelle, i slept for 11 hours last night. i'm still stick with this fever.
ok.... tx  it's so worth the wait! lol...***
@__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) <3
morning babe!  i plan on overdoing it today! lol hope you do rest & put your feet up! xxxx
hoping it will rain again because it's sooo warm
i know. i want it to come bec i'm excited, but then i don't bec it's gonna go by so fast & then it will be over
getting ready to go to sleeep! grinding early in the morning! yay, money!
oh man, there are dead deer everywhere in michigan.
yeah, it's work. it's been busy all day and i'm tired and hungry.
a pues bien small world small world. yo amo a la chiquita esa. she is such a great friend.
dont listen..he do him..but i tried not taking a nap yesterday and i still was up til 1am and than i got up at 7am
_diva i know, i know...lol   that is the one song that stops me in my tracks on a dancefloor.  i just can't...lol
you're welcome
[URL] -  i made sure you got credit at the end of the book...i'm sure i forgot people though.
recapping on britains got talent. britain seems more talented than america
_juansimon god i'm bored. wish we could've done something 2night!
godawful hangover today. worth it tho
i can't vote for  her i'm #frustraded  :@
brought some new glass for my camera
finally installed ovi in mobile. it would have been good if it could be downloaded to comp and installed to mobile. frickin 3mb download
id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
loves miley's song the climb and loves the video  ****
writing
cool. you should qik some stuff from the newsroom sometime. lol.
counting down the hours until i can finally drink this blossom hill  stupid work
not swine flu i hope! take care of your health mate  tell me about your business derek_bell.com
just something different than all the text around it.  there's no difference whatsoever
is it that quiet at the office?
*hand up* me, i'm going  #localgovcamp
blues for me please
last night i had 1/2 a bottle of wine in my house and 2 cocktails. came home sober but still gonna be sick
it was a great wedding! the band was awesome (they played a ton of great 80's songs) as was the food!
a message from  could you let people know i have been booted off
that's not great  guy related??
that's the song i mean
i know. i think i'm going to have to miss it, though.  this is when sacrificing money for job happiness sucks ****.
bgt was just amazing tonight, and threee amazing acts got sent home
almost fell asleep under the hair dryer  so tired, feel like i'm going to puke
sunglasses whores   [URL]
i hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  god,its 1:20am...heading to bed  god..too late..good night
sitting in mrs. martins class, youtube is being stupid. and i really want a popsicle!!! jealous of sara
but its pretty at least, i think i need to catch some sleep soon though
the music in the trailer was terrible imo, cheesy handbag house. i was expecting some dnb or hard house
omg i'm so sorry to hear that!  if you really need to talk to someone i'm always on here. i'm a shoulder you lean on
u know i didn't care for that wolverine movie and i'm a xmen fanatic. that joint sucked to me.
just about to say goodbye to  and  two of the best interns that elevate have ever had
at home depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason.
*hugs*  still feeling poorly are you
thank you so much
ughhh have a tummy ache
trickery?  no, just exasperation at seeing **** pride hijacked by a politics bigger and uglier then anything it's meant for
roxie is not feeling very well  [URL]
i know  haha night
looking out the window, beautiful blue sky, great forecast for the weekend - not good for cinemas
okay fine. i'll start studying now. bye twitter world
watchin scooby doo 2
hey had some fun with friends !!!!!now cleaning
and the habitat is twitter-active. neat
winding down for the night. rode the duc home from a b.b.q. at my pops house. time to pass out as soon as the adrenaline wears off!!!
going to bed  goodnight  xox
cof cof cof!
it's called a telephone. i know it's new technology, but it's the way forward!
photo: hannahisdead: omg i wanna read pride and prejudice and zombies fuckyeah zombies  [URL]
- me. because my ex boyfriend of 2 years (we broke up 2 months ago) is engaged to his gf of 6 weeks.  sad, embarrassed. hug?
granada bowl with the crew! birthday bowling for fisch and me  [URL]
irony: inventor of ford mustang can't keep his car   [URL] via :
is in the middle of the irish sea... with absent elk brothers.  newcastle here we come.  we love newcastle
ya i did i seen all them but robert
thank you! your makeup art is top-notch, come to my house every morning! ha ha
i do not. i rarely dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. my hair just hates me.
missing  from bkk na.
i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . .
great dinner and great friends! follow ! she is my cupcake
has toothache
i guess that means you didn't beta-read either of my stories, huh?
thats bad your been forced to watch that  there must be a helpline you can call ?  we are both good thanx he's asleep
oh my gosh! i know! happend yesterday
so-so, thanks  i've uploaded a new campaign vid, will post the link in a few mins. how are you doing, babe??
i might have been a child but i was never one of those .....and i've already apologised to you for it
_ndo omg i'm so sorry. i'm the worst employee ever. my hard drive just failed taking the survey data with it
1am, quietly tidying up after dinner party. whilst closing tupprwre lid, centre island in my kitchen collapses! wakes baby. mayhem ensues
they don't let the queer boys donate blood.
off to do pilates now! tweet y'all soon!
morning tweethearts! now home after traveling 302 mi.thru 2 states & 2 faires in 3 days. so inspired! ready to write as i enjoy coffee.
watching matilda
omg, my right hear us blocked and it's so annoying. what i i wake up deaf?
i want to become vegetarian, it's going to be so hard!
i wish i could meet you once  do u think this will happen someday? :'(
lmfao. omgosh when i first heard that song with you,i felt like i was gonna pee myself, omgosh the waltzer man!  lol xoxo
i hate u.s. history
for nearly a month!!  so exciting
aww that sucks   it wasn't that long though but dianne was so cute as usual <3 hopeflly some1 mite put it on youtube :s
thanks  will do
gm tweeters! happy mother's day to the mothers and pretend mothers out there!
ah this is getting to me
nope, san leandro marina.    how are you?  hope you're well!
holy **** it's super sunny, friday and whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. wish i was in the park
is frustrated by twitter...my picture will not load.
just got a subponea
cutting hair allll day  wish i was outside
i wish i could go to the love music hate racism gig this weekend   i'm not in the right part of the world even
getting used to this shoulder immobilizer thing. even getting used to sleeping in the recliner.
dangit...cuz of this weather the house painting is going to be dragged out till next week.
got paid nowhere near as much as she thought she would
i've got great expectations of tomorrow  it's gonna be awesome!! ? [URL]
rain
_willhoit hoping your a/c is being fixed right now for you!
well school's finally over and idk but i'm sad  i'll miss my teachers. goodbye mrs r. and mr. collister
home!!!  from my relatives. my sissy, , posted pics of her and our cupie cousin audrey.  ???
watchin hannah montana  hoedown throwdown
rblpnbro  not quite where i need to be here ... sad but true. soon however all will be well  6wks ? [URL]
omg disco is packed!!!
not doing single ones 2day...beat  lol but would say ...ur as creative bright and fun as ur avatar with warmth+ depth #ff
thats ok  yeah i had a good night thanks. glad you did too. hope you enjoy your bbq
then u should went to vegas like u did last year  i think this was around the time u killed that animal with ur old car lol
good morning from lincolnshire. i could use some exercise also
it's 5:03 in the morning.. i think it's time i went to bed. - so, goodnight everyone  [URL]
sunrise by blvd east is awesome. now to get some sleep. yay!!
why am i even trying to go to sleep. its 28c in here. i miss the cold winter nights
wut do i do now????
yup
hmmm, should have looked at it a little more methinks
aleesha's piggy died  she can't catch a **** break man
i'm all stuffted up but i gotta gets up & go netball
thanks, but the elance course is not mine! it's .
i also realized this weekend how many people are only internet hot...ok catty comment out of the way for the week
but but but. i want steak
mum is driving me and the eric out to jt for the night.
lmao i want him to reply  booooo you  reply to one of us lmfaoooo
thank you, judy! same back at you!
now we are cuddling.  girl cuddles are so fun and soft
joining twitter! just added a random person
lmao im stupid just felt like sayin tyaï¿½ in my red caf vioce..nite ya'll
sum1 plz cheer me up
off to work at the church
ok .... here 409 is a cleaning soln .... blah.... over and out
it's been interesting today... to say the least. overall a good day
- don't feel bad. i got a foad for a promotion here too.
u go mariah,never listen to the haters  i have been a fan for so long and am so grateful for ur music. can't wait 4 the album
[URL] - meet bella the new member of the family!!
last two and know they are going to be weepies
so aparently my out of sight album sampler cd only has the video on it
just found out my abuelo in aguadilla is not doing well
i love your show! i've subscribed and following your tweets. can't wait to see more
hi hun!!  i really loved your tutorial yday!  soooo much, it was one of the best tutorials i had watched in a long time!  ****
ahhhh \you are soo smart  thanks for this schooling of thoughts  have you taught before?
got 5 new followers yesterday! yay  just need 11 more til 50
ok shopping was far too fun ~ unpacking the bags now
how did your book signing go?  if i lived there i would've came!
i got me to watch it.  recommend some other kickass shows too. phast!
x-men movie was pretty good. kinda predictable @ points but good action sequences
just signed up on twitter! yay!
why won't the kids sleep
been working so hard - its a drag not having time to tweet.!
another song that  makes me cry and cry all day  and night long.
at work till 7.
worked out tonight, had to work off the cheesecake i ate today. to all the pple who are on a diet.. don't quit! it's not worth it
tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie
_shep  nope   i really want to play it aswell
oh good luck on the movie
nuthin much just gettin ready 2 head bk 2 wrk  n u???
sorry my bad.
girls night in portland
_griffin i spent yesterday nursing one of those, only replace vodka with wine, and japanese with posh dinner!
tom! do a tour in the philippines, please?  that would be so awesome!
some of my new followers are pretty cool peeps; check 'em out.
that sucks.
watching bleach
message me to book your piercing appointment now !
fml still awake  melatonin not working!
dang my own ldbf didnt give me a follow friday shot out
they r the most random things that my mind can churn..as the chennai heat gets to me i can assure u these will b more often.
i was so close to the tacos...one spot too late
has one more paper left
now i'm at a doppppe rock show in the les .. moshie moshhhh pit  [URL]
grand indonesia with mom n sisters...
those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho
_straycat i sorry!!  me no like when people i like don't feel well. your tummy?
my pleasure.  hear kelli has new project!   #followfriday
so  im really borde and i dont know what i should do.
goodnight twitter, ill see you after 10 + hours of sleep or more
toy story pwns
i have to say, i find it very hard selling on etsy.... sometimes discouraging
yes yes i am, networking **** to the fullest.......and this girl is rih next to me
meh! you should try the one on commercial drive with all the cats
what are you confused about?
lol simpsons s20e19: 'first day at your new school, so lisa: have fun!   and bart:  don't!'
being attacked with cola..... all sticky
aw
i like it
download speeds are now unlimited until further notice
okay the new jonas episode was awesome
good morning everybody !!
i feel like crying! one of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and i can't find it. i've had them forever
is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk.
can't play solitaire for **** lol  more updates soon (y)
i actually need to be cleaning my house
****. it's raining again
ew agreed
i used to be - but that was a while ago now - your argument is pretty sound for a trolley pusher
[URL] - i am very sad. they cut down my pink tree. i noticed it when i left today to get betos
love the unique accordion thief buffs - thank you!
craving munchkins so bad.
_gurl woot
first time in weeks to see the clear blue sky
i'm gettin ready for my trip back to ma...  i don't wanna leave!
_xox ur really smart
_xd si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrong, but i tried...)
i talk to ty all the time on xbl. i'm sure i could manage.
thinks that my friends lifes go around with what they boyfriends do and then they have not time for us girls
i hate exam time. i want my life back  also i want the ability to revise back - if i ever had that ability, that is.
someone bring me milk for my cookies!
sti's doin' just fine  how bout you?
because i love my job
i will! promise to bring me back something from the moon?
i wake up at 4:30 during the week - and funny, deathcab makes me think of you!  (& i use your calendar to track work hours)
i just watched 7 pounds, maaaannnnnnnnn!
i know...
proof of heat  good day wish i hadn't spent most of it in bed  [URL]
wicked, my dvb-s tuner card has arrived. although not sure i'll be able to get it all set up ready for the fa cup final tomorrow
the nvidia ion-based lenovo ideapad s12 (  [URL] ) is awesome.  fn key to left of ctrl makes it non-starter for me though
wh correspondant's dinner rocked! wanda sykes was hilarious and obama wasn't too bad  happy mother's day to all the mom's out there......
it's not now... nor has it ever been weigly north!! have avoid drive home!!
[URL] - i think so ! well,u're lucky
the video is finally done wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
_1999  ohh, that is so cute, fishing is so peaceful!  your daughter looks so focus in what she is doing
_punk_robot  wtf.....winter isn't due til monday, am freezing
have you seen wolverine?  might want to change that pic.  there's a new sheriff in town.
firefox ok, but opera and ie - footer is not ok
shld says.. great phone
[URL] ' requires python...  but yeah, as i tweeted yesterday, dont install 1.9.4. ...
its friday... i can't wait to be done with work!!! stuck here till 11
morning all: looks like no nintendo gameboy phone
uff, ble litt trist av ï¿½ lese den siste tweetsen din  the challenge prooved too be tough!! :'(
morrisons here i come!
always write holy words in capital dude, allah hafiz !
now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years
ugly girls always insist on making ugly faces!  ugh!
i had to make sure i was looking at the right game summary...
off to saigon in the morning, n hanoi from there.....
good morning tweets
tps reports.
time for bed up in 6 hours
sorry to disappoint.
i am so jelz. i want a house. >
is really ultra bored
hmm.  my vpn works fine.    (oh.. wait.. i don't need vpn anymore.) [URL]
waiting in line for the beast with matthew.    i won't be riding.
not really in the twitter mood today... i don't know what to do
watching loudquietloud documentary about the ever awesome pixies. realised joey santiago and david lovering are twitterers. fantastic
blame it on the goose gotcha feelin loose, blame it on the tron gotcha in the zone;; michelle...this is your fault. lol.
sitting and waiting and hoping this lady would hurry the hell up... i hate moving... it super sucks...
dane cook is at the sports arena tonight. wish i had tickets
today is 777 days until leakycon 2011. awesome number but i wish it wasn't so far away
thanks for the tip on otherinbox...  it won't work with outlook for me...
i's sorry  listen to some bats or gd as you do it! [dude, i never got to tell you, but, bats were amazing <33]
thank you  (: cant wait!!!! ummm btw ima crash still sick
is watching because i said so
grrh  wii remote dead.. no multiplayer here tonight
i need to change my ways, instead of just being weak. i love  she's a great role model
i just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone... i **** up again.
i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples ****
going to see star trak expecting noting but amazing
headache
thx 4 sharing!
- love your desserts. used to live in or but now live in tx, so can't visit you.
i love my big brother very much.
checked and commented
oh when will #gfail end? been on html version all day
perhaps the answers to all my questions, lie in the deep waves of the ocean. beach trip anyone!?
chicken beer and good company makes a good night...
i am sooooooo bored in textiles !
i hve a fat kink in my neck  maybe someone handsome will massage it out later?  we'll see!
cloudy today
just got back from six flags  wicked fun. even tho i almost died!
ahhh twitter, i havent seen you all day
likes the reports from testers of his new package for synology diskstations  [URL]
...i need a huge favor of love. anticipate texts from me
cotton candy milkshake
well aren't you just the kindest people in the world  unfortunately, i have no such enquiries!
haha  i need to get in better shape first.. i have cageball on thursdays == me dead on sofa the whole evening
selling artwork+ risk game with the boys+ startrek= just what i needed. what a good day
staff meeting today with joemo...it just won't be the same! travel safely ...we'll see you tomorrow!
no problem dude - get better soon, i have a cold as well  bleh!
well that was a fun evening
i thought people only went to hounslow when they'd gone the wrong way, didn't know there was anything there
hanging with bri
thats nice. my cousin just left my house. he has daughter's their all daddy's girls. so sweet
i wish she knew what she puts me through..she stole my heart, never gave it back..and occasionally she likes to be like look what i have!
why did i agree to work on this gorgeous day?
good! luck you! i want new shoes  ly x
sad that she didn't get to see rica before she leaves later today..
yeah me too  but there isnï¿½t any prom here in germany although school is almost everywhere the same! ?
nothing much, juss really bored! hbu?
try being my height in small cars  not much fun specially on bumbpy country roads! haha
lol awesome i have randoms following me
poor beta, i took him to seattle, riding on my lap on the plane. he was happy here until our week long outage-cold did him in
not playing here either
i had a dream that i went to evo fest, but i didn't.
we've never heard anyone say they like doing anything on monday mornings! you must have had an early cup of coffee or two
i know right  but hopefully something comes up though
[URL] my daughters kindergarden  !
yea baby!! im gonna miss you so much
four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo.
doctor then work. hope you **** have fun at the conditions show without me
thanks! i love a good bargain.
i have myself barely 4 hrs of sleep and the lord blessed me with what feels like 8, but it came with a sore throat  pumpin out this paper!
it's tongue in cheek of some mentalities.there is another one which takes the piss of arabs, but its too long
thanks love ) btw happy mother's day to your mom
yes. nag twitter. haha  thanks. lm.
have a happy trip!!
well hopefully the rest of the day gets better.
man those people are hard to reach, i've been stalking h.r.
goodnight
school can blow me. he looks nice today thoughh.
im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much...
went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses.
i guess it wasnt meant to be..
i'm dragging myself out of the low point. slowly. and with wine to assist. prob not v sensible but these lows don't hit very often.
sorry, but i don't see a twitter user named
hey ian.. may 7 din ako..  maybe we'll see each other.. or not.. cuz diff. schools tayo.. hahaha la lang.. :p
nvm, lexi's playlist is working its magic
goodnight!!!!!!
just banged my bloody foot! ow
i hate having headrush
thanks dinno  appreciate it
i could tell its gonna be an angry day...
i think my phone has officially bit the dust.
man, its weird, mom's cooking is giving me so much nutrition but also so much unladylike gas
im so done defending him. im going to bed and im gonna give my mom a happy mothers day.  at least ill try.
let us know what happens, poor little guy.
good morning. today is my last day of 'freedom'. back to work tomorrow. i'm sorta stoked-not stoked. but well.
you are very lucky!!! my legs did not like how long it takes to dry my hair this morning.
son! wtf?? she just bit holes in the **** bread!!! who does that?? why has god forsaken me?? why?
i love stereosound hq headphones
very talented sam
bahaha loving   twitter to me last night. drunk.  lol
is a failure
could get  to do the honours?
not feeling too good
dangit! i just got my kiss album in and it's the wrong color.
just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . now im taken a ****
24 hours and $400 later and i hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  stupid telecom
summer glau to appear in dollhouse next year [URL] i still can't believe they won't renew tscc
ack! fast forward right through that coldplay song.
it's a sad day, found the first scratch on my car.
thanks anita, i am looking for hosting, i will look at them too
see you later lovely ladies.  be good & i love you millions  ****
: yay! lol. now i know how you felt when i was gone.
rip omar edwards - killed by friendly fire in nyc   [URL]
my guitar ain't here yet?, feel like i lost a limb!.
i got a haircut, i felt like that guy on the 'last samuri' who was forced to have his ponytail cut off.
nov 5th
not really stuck on f1.. but as the weather is here today i might just stay in and watch it.
crab boat? i have my mobile set to go off every night, to remind me to head to bed
_19 i watched a little today! didn't know you were sick, you did awesome nonetheless! hope u feel better
that's so weird seeing your myspace page without me there! had to delete my page though.
i love this!!  our body should tell us how much sleep it needs, and its always good to be mindful at mealtimes
last day working for the uni today, sad times
pku meeting in london, on all day today.  one of my favorite pkuers jessie not there.   he has pku and leukemia and was in the hospital.
dont you think this tour went fast? i do
i agree - they will start - and i forgot, all that news is ht
goodnite sexy twiggas
dont be gloomy...go out and get urself ice-cream.or gin,whichever
i wish my grandmother had taken me to the us with her
chilling with my baybee sarah!  i love this girl
chillin wassup ma?? ayo in cali my day just started idk where u r but u have a gud day ya diggg
may the 4th be with you. happy star wars day
wishing  a happy mothers day
ammoxxx great day? woman, did you notice the smile that never disappeared off my face? ha, murray... all cos of you, i owe you
_grrrl   you have the sweetest children.  you are obviously a great mom. i loved reading your blog w/ their msgs to you.  kudos.
i love fresh garden veggies...especially tomatoes!  we are in a tiny apartment, with a non-sunny patio!
off to the family party
it's fun
pfft, there you go with the logic again!
gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! wish i wasn't going for 3 weeks! it's wayy to long
sorry! i couldn't help it. 'twas to try and get if on the trending topics.
hey!! how are you??? you found me
specially when you're already burneded. wore mums shoes as well, and now im all blistered. it sucks balls..
lol...but they aren't here! i'll tell them to do that monday. lol
_ listen to ftsk  they stop my bordum  haha how was your day? finished crying about harold? ha ****
_c hahaha i agree. im s glad aiden won tonights show and greg should have got the other place
ok, i am finally starting to hit a draw, but now my short game has gone to ****!
coldstone with kayla and some fat guys, but she is all that matters
i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&  greet tomorrow ?
excited for ysj summer ball - i wish we had one too
off to my psychology class.
_elaine our chandelier is here! i seriously don't know how 2 get it through our door without sending it crashing down our steps
congrats 'mine that bird' for being an underdog and kicking the **** out of all the other runners yesterday. i love seeing that happen.
the 10 coolest foreign words the english language needs. check the number one. amazing!  [URL]
i know  i have no clean clothes either. and the washer's in the kitchen  **** you #kitchenfire
back in durango. chaperoning a party. interesting. catching up on my internet surfing and drinking a woodchuck. ha.
selling my drumset  sad day
home in carlsbad with the whole family for mother's day!
i'm not! they frighten me to death............i just like to see all the boys in their leathers!  ;) we go every year. brilliant atmos!
_vip bye bye beard
awh i forgot you had the pox  hope you get better soon!
like why the **** am i still up...maybe because im drunk as hell and had a great time tonight..**** was crazy
gonna eat pizza. what are you doing??
i hope you get well soon! <3
getting ready for school.. reading what's going on on set in montepulciano, and practically crying cause i'm not there
is soooo hungry right now! why is it not lunch time!
good times haha ily christian and mo  gonna watch dazed and confused in a while ha also my first time watching it ha im so lame
good morning twitter world.raining in dingle- hopefully means a busy day for me
going home
dog just farted  so bad.....
almost all are here now! tomorrow at 8 we start! 291km's of mud  - [URL]
this really sucks, i'm supposed to be home in a couple of days and i'm not  i hate borders and visa's.
day 7 without shower. no end in sight. there is stuff between my toes.
without whipped topping, there is no shortcake.   #shortcakefail
thanks for sharing it. anything about coffee is good. i'm a big fan!!! can't live w/o it.
go to my father's house or not?!that is the question...domestic food and people around me vs my bed,my tv and my world...dont know
cant believe there had been nice weather all day and i was stuck in doors all day
im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini ((((((
fc is finally up again. it's about time. i hate that this keeps happening
thanks to the forever 21 curse that makes you spend 3 hours there everytime you go in, i couldnt go tanning today
[URL] - haha cute and beautiful  u r cool miley.^^
cheer up buttercup! rain will go away and hearts always mend. i can actually bet $ on that!
uh oh
i'm being so whiny right now i'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after movie night kid-sitting
57 days till my 18th b-day
skipping school like all the cool kids do
the only way i'll feel safe is when he's finally in jail where his stalker **** belongs!
....what did she ever do to piss them off?    i thought you just meant casting-related ****, not more of that ****.
i am sucking with the abbreviation today. sorry  my sentences look like my eight year old is typing them. lol
still no pool key. wth. it's even hot out today.
that's it. i'm hooked.
tyler perry is hilarious! i think i will.  i'm off to bed though so i tweet ya in the morning. goodnight!
thanks babe. i guess i will find the right person one day, til then i'm better off alone
last i looked.  hi back...
can i get some gd news for gods sake
????? [URL] . ??????? ???  and may the source be with you
you are an early bird too i see?!?!
fiona is sad because there wasn't enought room in megan's suitcase for her  [URL]
now that hugh laurie has mentioned he follows  on twitter, thousands of idiots think this () is him. idiots!
i love metal gear solid 4 and valkyria chronicles.
that's good to hear - morning
i did many things but missed tweeting
**** being drunk and hot sucks
hope everyone is okay, especially americans who are affected by the fire or the swine flu(h1n1) . okay, i should pray for them
hey! sorry i didn't see ur message to me
living in harlem, i can say for sure that there is far more pollution here than in other parts of nyc where i've lived.
i love my mom. yo amo a mi mama. ? ? ? thank you mommy... ti amo con tutto il mio cuore.  happy mother's day
um k.. this is not close my eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but i <3 it anyway..
don't ask  hoping that today will be an improvment on the rest of the week. looking forward to the weekend weather!
oh no, i need new work shoes...i broke this one!
goodnight baby loll jk night
my sensors don't seem to want to last for more than 3 1/2 days
can't believe i wasn't following you! am now  have an anatomy prac tmw so tonight i'm all about structr of the lwr limb
ushers: you guys made mother's day really awesome today! thanks for coming in early to prep the surprise gifts for all our moms!!
happy mother's day to all mothers out there!!
i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme..  im so sad..im such a big fan..
its impossible to watch in full any flash video with my mac after 5.7
it's a windy and rainy day
#todo cleaning the apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean
you can crash, you will just have to drive alone  besides... i can't crash, i gotta work! lol ;)
is back in sunny 95 degree weather though
_pase i guess u ain like me den.. my hair cut short..  lol
she does especially pink ones lol  what beautiful creatures they are!
amazing tonight glad i could share it with you baby. you are my sunshine
so tired and i don't know why
i have a cam sesh lined up tomorrow with my c4s winner  ill post screen shots in my lj. friends only unless you convince me otherwise.
up way way way to early this am....thanks _benson
why does my cousin pick today to not turn up early
phil! i miss you gracin ya with your presence i haven't been on much  what's new?
is sick & tired of being sick & tired
happy mums day this is nelly's shout out   [URL]
watching my ard earn money dissapear.
getting used to getting up in the cold, but my asthma is paying for it.
i'm so tired. i don't get how i am. i sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole **** thing.
are you blogging yet? i miss you writing
the tree-lined avenue,begins to fade from view,drowning past regrets, in tea and cigarettes,but i cant seem to forget,when you came along
4 hours of sleep, a migraine, again? what is wrong with me?    hate my life
ryaaaaaaaaaaaaan  [URL]
thanking god for after elton for allowing me to see the new tw trailer since work blocked youtube and lj
hahaha sa una lang yan!  i started with 40 minutes ng 5k.  that was a year ago.
aww  i wish there was sun out here. then i can get a tan!!!!  (walks it out) go meee go meeee
looks like you need a local marketing person. i'm booked for 2 gigs in vegas that day
i think i lost all of my blog posts
thought u said twitter was **** bellion?
finally got home and get to sleep! had a great time with  and friends!
got that right! and i know when i found out she wasn't coming i cried!  it really sucks but im still happy she headlining  now!
how is it that my preschoolers can bowl over a hundred when they weigh only 35-40 lbs? today was there last day for the year.
so upset
me.  confused about a guy...he's great but why am i pushing him away?
today in a week, i am 18.. yiha
feeling the effects of the party last night. drank far too much. 2 chicken burgers and one lamb burger. i did dance a fair bit tho.
[URL] - ouch!! burnt my arm on the grill
heading to bed with tea to finish breaking dawn.
good stuff!  i'm great thanks! x
still stupidly sick...cancelled our philly trip. sad day
my degree  [tear] happy moment!  [URL]
shelf from ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. or at least thats my estimate.
anyone want to stop by carl's jr and bring me a chicken club?  can barely walk...
i have started saving my tumblr drafts because that happened to me this week and i was so sad
auditions are good but, iam super nervous! that is one of my virtues
just got to school. goin to cinncinatti wednesday!
taking sad to a whole new level
: very interested. however, low carbs for the next month means no beer for me
thx! i became ibm master inventor in 2008. really enjoyed your blog, particularly with the vegan tag
heya thanks for accepting the add
i have been getting **** ones as i mentioned - all these girls seem to be at a loss what to do!
lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know
i hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too
y do i even bother getting a new fone..i just **** break them anyway,,,fones dont float,,especially when thrown in the pool
lol.. zzzzy in office and i'm alone in my bay again.
alarm watch + pill name display for functioning alzheimer patients w/b key; hear alarm & ask, 'what is that noise about?'
i was screaming like a maniac!  but the thing was u couldn't scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so...
... thanks okiebud!  i get the message..sorry, the content you selected is not currently available..
you are welcome, xuxu
baseball games whoo hooo  when to banquet yesterday at the hyhtt sooo fun
thx for the tip.  how did you figure that one out?
cant believe tila tequila was in ct and i didnt know... so upset
lmao! i don't fake being paris anymore. look at my bio ;) and by the way i can't log onto your forum...
crabs are amazing...well as long as they're not in your pants.
hope you have fun tonight
just picked her kids up from challenger for the last time.
got my hair rebonded at some korean place. dude! my hair is f'in fried! cut 5' already ... now just chopping it off!!!
my plans might have just gone out the window too  bit gutted.
given the way kunal khemu etc. starrers turn out..there is a high probability of it being '****' rather than 'niche'!
well, i just need to get some motivation, and also, to do my homework, and essay... and.... it's such a lovely day! how?
don't be mad at me.  please? ::puppy dog eyes::
at least 3 more days
happy mother's day !!!! show some love to your beautiful and amazing mom!!  <3
those houses were a bust. house 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement
good morning to you !  its so pretty outside today
nope  het is lost&found he ;-)
if you are new and in need of a few followers say 'tweet me' person with lowest followers will get a shout out!  u have 30mins
i dont know
got stuck in a traffic jam today, i now have one sunburned arm
on my way to cp.. got some work there.
now on pg 237, night
why yes ... a bag of goodies  lol
_at_work agree totally, think though if we can take a point off everton and liverpool beat man city we are happy days
i love electro house
wtf kinda best friend am i? i *still* haven't met the hubby. that depresses me
_bloggerific ha!  nice try.  i will outright deny any accusations.  but good luck with that...
it was fine. i was still up playing infamous. sorry to hear how things ended up again
drinks && din w/ amy and lori
hahaha well its try its so ugly
2nd breakfast !? i want more food =/ lol. tweet me what breakfast you're having  loooooolding'
i sadly have no voice after the food faire and the academic pep rally!! i need my voice.
_dubai enjoy sounds idyllic and geordiebird has lost her bikini...perfect holiday!
no [URL] #twtvite #aptw have to miss this now because of other engagements
f...you very very much  willkommen im twitterland
sunshine is back....... having a hair day  new due
man icant send love on bebo. cuz im on skoo comps. ugh! thiss sucks.
ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black, which means no texting
they look nice atleast  haha. <3
yum chocolate sorbet! she barely even shared  [URL]
i have 3 computers all going now.  ie 7 on xp and ie 8 on vista  all are still no shows!
at school, it's so boring
yeah except the spurs aren't in the champs like they usually are.
i hate windows.  i miss my lovely ubuntu   i'm such a nerd haha
you're mean to me. you're gonna have to have pizza tonight or it will go off.
i havent got a call
i ditched school ( i hate it ) and im taking a huge dump.......    it hurts real bad!
: started using the branch
yes, people skills and social manners are quite nice.  if you a few billion, guess you need more love to gently guide you.
yay! congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. you'll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (plural) to celebrate!
hey!! at home about to sleep i cant believe weekend finished so fast! happy mothers day!! good morning and have a great sleep
this porridge tastes ****! i cba with today man.
that is messed up. i hope your day gets better.
just read up on your mom   hope she's okay!!
facebook group: world leaders  [URL]
free free free- just a pesky registration but after that  enjoy [URL]
this cigarette is so relaxing
_princess69 hehehe! barry killer! u need a pic
sooo im 20 n im just now findin out i have asthma
to start **** or leave **** alone...tough decision
miss you my dear
ducked off! i'll be back in ga tomorrow.
i'm not giving up [URL]
shows how twitaddicted you can get
complicated with a dream
thanks! and to you as well!
ah you say the nicest things
hahaha.. sadly this one's supposed to be done individually.. so no chance of social loafing lol
my voice hurts. no we we rock you the musical singing tonight..
that's okay... i didn't want to watch shelby anyway!
half of me wants to go to sleep, half of me dosen't. shoot. my other half is  dying of sleepiness
going with chantal to her aunt.
thanks alot, stuck at work with it too
i agree
feels great after solving a minor but long term problem with 3ds max just now!  maybe i should try animating the avatar after all? xd
i have fantastic friends
it's a she and she's way too stubborn right now. thanks for caring though
gasp-- 10 followers! i feel almost famous. i used to think i would be famous when i grew up one day lol. oh well, cheers to norm peeps!
why do u feel ****? nerves? i tripped over that plastic telescope at 6:40 am yesty, i fell into the wall my head still hurts
and radio x 96.1 is going all sports next month. radio is dead.  #grandrapids
facebook farm town become slower and slower
rock pooling.  can't believe i get paid for this!
or nudge the partner! good birthday/ christmas/ i just want to buy you something gift!
you too!  cloudy day here in madrid, typical spring day
has a really really itchy eye
well i can tell you i didn't marry my like. maybe that's why i'm stuck in situations like i am now
good morning! i certainly did
i have no idea  i'm watching rafa too. running to the comp ever to often to check live score. he's 3-2 down in the third.
i'm really tired today!!
better safe than sorry!  glad everything is okay.
im listening to people saying eww at out current frog disection  poor froggy.
just made my day: [URL]
i kinda want to smack that darn skeleton though.
too bad the red devils.. disappointing to say the least
fed up of pain now
hitting the docks soon.
i tried phoning you
well, of course the envelope i have for the book i need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be.
needs a break from the computer... adios  <3
went shopping a lil... i deserve it... and now a night on the town in the big city of norfolk
is awake and does not want to go to work...
here again in school bored wanting  2 go home
well. the jag just took a **** on my way home from training  i hope it's just the alternator.
at home. didn't see the bloody movie, full booked  but night at the museum was fun though.
happiest of birthdays to you kat
just got back from the sing it loud concert // **** amazing
welcome back!
i'm so sorry!  i saw it too and it shocked me to the core.
i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
you can still stay if you want to!
score two days i get more food stamps good cause i want a safeway pizza
and i'm listening to 'wrong' by depeche mode.
it's hella itchy!  [URL]
per taylor dayne conversation.  it's official i am now jealous of you.
_yst so u are very burnt  sorry back or front burnt?
back from worcester.  my work week starts on friday at 2:30.
thank you.  we had a blast
sad day*lakers please make me happy with a w
i am very jealous.  i was supposed to go see it in seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work
didn't realize animal kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. now i'm stick in the exit traffic
does not like ups much today...
she must have a very adwancrd sense of humor!  that's funny
i've got 18 yr @ home & 26 out the house & they're always here! and they bring friends! why?  hope you have a blessed day!
ok, my job at walmart is a cart pusher  i hope i dont get sunburned
i got you today
awww  well i am here...just in case...i am not like the perfect funny friend but i'm here hehe
retweeting : win an at&t pantech matrix pro [URL] - it's easy to enter! so go do it!
hurts to be you! sunshine all weekend and you don't get to play. that's sad.
i made it six days in a row w/out an accident in the house and then pops took me to a strange place and didn't give me time after b-fast
morning sunshiines
im such a sucker for great cottys
it is so sad that me and my roommate fry chicken just about every night @ 330 4. we just finished tonight's batch
_pollard i have no denial for this because it is the **** truth
omega is tomorrow. haven't really planned anything for it. make sure to come if you can. it'll be awesome. then move-in june 1st.
we are at fort belvoir, on base.  hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  i cant wait for pug pups!!  i just looooove mine!
thank you so much for the retweet  x
just joined, no one is following me
[URL] - graduation pic
wants to go home and see erin
shopping with  tonight, cant wait!  lucky ****  has already finished work  im stuck here forever!
big shout out to all my home girls you know who you are
ppl who smoke pot, are so f . . .n stupid. an instant turn off. drugs in general. why? seriously! ! ! why?
i miss your dance friends too.
gudluck to   !!
i can't join your game... it's a private beta
have you seen who's knocked you off top spot on wefollow for #perth?
do you ever respond to ppl?
_meow yeah u better be !!
badminton marathon tonight!  please cooperate feet!
i'm missing one of my diamond earrings. this makes me sad.
i love wearing my hood too, even though in portsmouth i usually get terrified looks from pensioners when i do
well i'm obsessed w/all of them - but i watched the first one again last night  glorious! where can i get a wand?
is this a new album?? about bloody time too!!
youre very welcome....you deserve it!!
got it! your in the rundown.
im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! i failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
it sure is  hope you're having a great morning
and it's off to work i go, only 9.5 days until the kiddo's finish
locked out of my **** house!
gah i forgot about separate bins. maybe this is a bad idea
ten bucks says i know where your going and if it's where i think it is....let me know if my boulder is still on the beach.
sorry didn't get to see you
maybe if we pass a lay making the #swineflu illegal, law abiding citizens won't get it
last drops of the thesis... god let it end today.
thanks for the link geoff
i need a hug because our pitching has been lackluster, our shortstops can't field & big papi can't get above the mendoza line.
got caught in the rain with about 7 people  now, probably just gunna watch smallville till i fall asleep
#web20 .#prologue - modern liberalism, misconstrued (2nd 1/2 of bible  -- 'christ -- without the crucifiction'  abstraction w/o 'skin'
n e uterus u wanna rub??? lol its ok u can tell me
my bet on mumbai indians today... anyone to take a bet on this for 500 bucks??
i really despair over the whole copyright situation [URL] ~ being visually impaired means you don't deserve to read  #sccr18
happy birthday!  what's better than getting birthday greetings from strangers? very little, that's what! (i kid!) <3
loving my boys
has just joined the twitter community
somebody actually told me that!!  lol
yeahhh you do that lol
i feel i owe it to  to listen to her new albums (everything released after 'chains') since she was nice to me on twitter!!
morning amy  xxxxxxx
more big hair rock for bank holiday monday always seems fitting imo  ? [URL]
got pulled over by a cop, got a warning
[URL] - aww  he must be an amazing brother!
i am doing geography revision on earthquakes!  how boring!!
i have been subtly replacing it with 'penetration testing' when i see it, but nobody's caught on yet.
today is check in day for week 12 of the artist's way! hurray time to celebrate another good completed journey.
just recollecting my jog this a.m. - almost perfect except unkown type hanging out by my vehicle.  too much mental noise- only 6 mile jog
just came back from seeing the boat that rocked, it was an amazingly cool movie, definitely getting it on dvd once its out
there's a 9 year waiting list to get an appointment.
loved your blog from the musicares event, good work
[URL] the pretty flowers john mains brought the ladies 2nite!
saturday will be the worst saturday i've had in ages
wish you were coming to australia & new zealand with the sticky tour ant
__ thank you! i almost forgot hoe to type on the keyboard how long i was anway from my pc..
chris pine, please be mine.  haha
[URL] desktop wallpaper like the inside of a monitor
don't forget nash, how disappointing as a suns fan
****. my arms feel like really sore jell-o
i hope that happens tomorrow, then ill be there ;) (providing my dad gets better to take me  )
_dizon it's a little late but congratulations, leah  happy mothers day!
what i'm gonna do  life is not good:'( no more exit in this hallway i'm stuck in my world...
- i'm really thinking about staying till tomorrow .. i have to be back in philly 2nite, but i wanna stay so bad.
i am sitting at the computer eating grapes  it's hailing outside! o: i miss summer.
oh, are we pushing the #gqmf trend tonight? awesome. (i am woefully behind on my ontd_startrek reading  )
i need followers!!!
following people around, though there are so many.. where are the webdesign twitters!
use this link to start earning free cash [URL]  just sign up and get paypal cashouts of minimum $1  !!
omg jlo and marc anthony were at my old school graduation  brb upset
yay! hope your day at work is wonderful, sis! we have a bank holiday in england today so everyone is off work
they can be a drag,,but for the most part they come in handy  hee hee
oh that's cool   thanks!!
i wanna vote for miley cyrus for the mtv movie awards..but i don't know where i could  somebody could send me a link? thaank you <3
aww twiter i miss you.. today i'll post a little more.. i mea, after the movie theater..ahah soo coold here
i'm glad you threw the tantrum!  i was going to, but i don't know her well enough yet   was she apologetic, darn her!?
eating pancakes  what is better than a day off with stevie-j?
a pleasure murray
star trek was grtsat bggeting drunk now
i am finally on a roll... now time to stop.   is it weird when you love what you do?
good luck this week! i know you'll handle it with grace
[URL] - dark berry mocha frapp.. heaven.. try it everyone!!  here.. let me pass it to you
bummer- that is a bad experience.
loved you in head over heels! one of my fave movies! you looked stunning last night
iced coffee and vanilla ice cream uber sick mix
up is the saddest movie i've ever seen
yes we did!  thank you!!
re-pinging : why didn't you go to prom? bc my bf didn't like my friends
miss chatting with you
_ i'm still waiting for them to recontinue their 'breathless' scent..  lol
i **** miss that band so so much
the link sent me to a tax relief web page
just got back & saw yr tweet. it's 7.30pm  monday here - mayday public holiday
i'm sorry you're having a bad day   i was just looking back through. do i need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?
it's 4 am and i'm hungry
cant decide on wht i wanna do with the rest of my day...i think i may go bk 2 sleep  woe is me! uugghh! lol
it's the final count down to bigger hair people   ? [URL]
spgridview is looking prettier, but i'm pretty sure my code is very ugly.
jennah can u just tell jay i said good night plz? im asking nicely!
dads should ask their 22 year old sons before drinking.
basket case is mine  i miss it.. going to have to listen a **** load now
dangit. lsu w/ a 7-spot in b7 now leads southern 8-2.  was intentionally not mentioning anything and it got jinxed anyhow.
can't wait to watch the tonight show, this evening last one with jay
work...work....work....
_s  accept it, you can't do anything, can you?
_inovera hi jakki! thanks for the hug - right back at ya
short work week for me
nooo!! not too busy for you! ever! srsly!  you are my pal! i'm not yet familiar with iphone twitter
...wait, i lied.
awww, we just missed you then!!  but i'll see you tonight!!
heading out to do a relay in the belfast marathon
new comic posted. introducing  'joe! - the mini strip'  [URL] (via ) cute mother's day strip!
morning to all
needs a new phone
fiiiinaaalllyyy home after driving all day. speeding ticket. torential rains. ... fun times
oh we're friends now? you know you're so up & down with me.  i retract my last statement thennnnnnnn.
im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid.
ain't got any at the moment, sorry
is tatteddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have a degree,****!!! moving t o dallas in a few hours
btw, 'nathanfillion' is trying to beat his flight control score as well, maybe you should follow each other?
a lovely couple of days with friends from wolverhampton. at least the weather improved for their last day today. on call tomorrow
i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scan, do photo shop and stuff before work
do u mean ur tired because u have 2 go 2 work or u got ur wii 2 work & now ur tired?
why does flickr no longer recognize my e-mail addresses.  i can't log in.
oh no! u must get 1!!!lol mum still isnt convinced, and we have 3
rofl rofl. have fun
unopened pack of goat cheese starin me in the face. starving, din not til 6
haha good phone conversation cat lady! you're gonna be homeless too  you didn't tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
sitting here with my baby .. libby has a fever 101.0  shes fussy
gotta get up early to spend some time with my mommy before i go to work, so i'm off to bed. goodnight twitter
_johnson: have a good night
mothers day, happy mothers day mom
forgot about the traffic  heading to foxford in mayo and the lovely pontoon tomorrow
lets hope retirment is not cancelled for any reason
shipwrecked all weekend  license wasn't suspended, it got cancelled. can't take the risk driving and no one lives near me
listening to  after last nights up from the underground screening, awesome job
i am officially a kindergarten cop
morning all!!! have a blessed day!!!
nothinbg home about to jump in the shower the streets is calling meeeeeeee   what is it 4 tonight  tell m
wow my trip to tampa has come to an end...
i hate mondays, but i love 's schedule. hello, digg reel!
they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol
is excited about taylor swift on wednesday!!!
you lucky girl. tell me all about it, 'kay?
just fyi, ruin hollywood is closed.  last friday was our closing night.
tonight is my last night in my apartment...
_shan_west im so excited to see u!! its been forever  my lil shan shan gettin married!!  ps did u really get a tattoo?? lol
waiting to be picked up. we're off to aston this morning
it's because we're right
goodnight beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!
ahhh bank holiday slept late now going to dinner in my sisters whos a real 'monica'  hahah and im late il get cold dinner now
sounds good!! can't wait
is now writing 100-word newsbites  [URL]
no i was trying to interview dr paul twomey, ceo of icann. phone issues cut the interview from 30 mins to 15.
: what a let down! no mri today, neurosurgeon didn't order it--which means we have to come back to okc soon & we no nothing new
ack, no can see  either.  and weird, these tweets are in my mentions, but not my timeline (oh wait, new twitter)
i wnt there yesterday!  wish u could go with me someday u,u loove ya <3
i hate today.
man i hate church. has to be done though. i like the way it makes other people feel good
this is really cool put in a topic and its a twitter show...if your a tweeter twittering twit u got to luv this [URL]
ahahaha, that happens to me all the time.  poor angela!
i just got a call from my chimp buddies, want to join the party. loads to prepare now. wow this is great. cup of tea first i think. erm
sorry to hear that, dude
if one people did any wrong, the world blames all the people over there, this is the great world which we are living in!  ****!
getting ready, waiting for cor, picking up josh, movies & out to dinner - then trailer perhaps? baccck to work tomorrow
i will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there, lots of palm trees.
you're a fine looking set of neighbours, i must say! lots of compliments have been showered upon your header graphic too
no  the love of my life is. so i guess now im definately shooting for good
the day i was planing on doing my work, i havent ...... i leave everything to the last minuet ...
the stratus is going bye bye today  i loved that car in high school #fb
i'm holding audrey (mine and erica's bean bag thing)
i wanna see 'up' tonight, but no one will go with me. whhhyyy
there go my big plans... thanks, tonsils.
_10k much appreciated!  yeah, it sure is a challenge and a great reward. wouldn't trade it for anything.
note to self: omelets are better when made with butter, not olive oil.  also,  doesn't like my cooking *spits in a napkin*
awwww  i never noticed this [URL]
my grandpa just told me he feels useless. i said, 'papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy', somehow i doubt it helped
thanks for all of the awesome tweets leeloo, glad you enjoyed the weekend.
unplugging for the rest of the day.  have a good one everybody!!
weather is back to being great! shame i have to wait in for my delivery
_tifullytragic ... in london last night so give it a few hours & i'm sure a few will appear
aww happy mother's day
napppinggg, then work 7 - 11
michelleeeeeeeeeeeemybelleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee *snif snif*
_c oh yeah. point taken
phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties' updates  but i fixed it
happy mother's day to all our moms!
cry baby. janes joplin what is this? munsay music. but i dont know wich **** day i  am today
i have coffee and a sociology paper to complete. happy mothers day
odd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work....
probably because it wasnt a command...bet you dont understand pay out on fantasy football either  ..droids   look out for
i'm no longer a sophomore.  junior year is bringing new things. i'll be on 24/7 now. hit me up and check out  [URL]
my belly is speaking to me! i need food!
_01xx   dont leave us !!! whats up ? ****
yes we must i had so much fun at sxsw with you guys  pj party in my room
kk, awesome.
happy mother's day! hope you have a great one with harlow, your mom and those you love  you're such an awesome mommy! ^^
it was fun  at a friends house cuz you know i don't have a yard big enough for a firepit. sniffle!
sigh....it's always so sad when you watch the series finale....no more green wing left to watch
i saw you on tues and last niiiighht <3 so amazzzing, didnt even notice you forgetting the wordddss
hey the letter i sent finally came back today, ill stuff its contents in with the other letter and send it off to you tomorrow
awww, that sucks. maybe it's on youtube somewhere?
tgif.,..i wish that saying applied to me, but i work saturdays
shoot! i voted and somehow looked over yours ... boo hiss. forgive me   have a great weekend arik.
i'll check it out!  thanks  and good luck with your book!    bella
seperate = yum. together = gross sounding.
there are bugs attacking my laptop
you are right.  if you ordered a static ip it should have been set up.  i apologize if it was not
what? you thought i did it all for mom of the year award? nope, tad bit more selfish than that:
men it's far too sunny
i hope everything works out for you at school  keep me updated and have a good day!
aww me sry  that was me yesterday ....
to all the gorgeous moms out there, happy mom's daaay!
that's for sure. that's why i intentionally turn my thought processes to the silly
i'm so mad i wont be there!!!!!!!!! ughhh!!!
slept like a log last night, now i'm full of energy
i dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - [URL]
only four full days left in aussie-land. i don't want to go home.
happy mother's day to us  for not bein mammas yet and being lucky enough to live our lives a little 1st
...yup..still havent packed
yeh still have the weekend, but i get weekends anyways, today is my full last day of vacation time
@_c_a_s_ im mad it wasnt scarey
oh look! it's our new house in santa barbara! [URL]  hahha i wish
awoooogahhhhhh!!!! heheee hope you get some decently priced breakfast real quick, david
yes(: but now
i'm waiting for it so i can get back to nambu which stopped working on 10.5.7  (for me)
wish you we're coming to perth
i am tired tired tired, i think im getting sick.
i live in the philippines. >.< and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!!
is off to rent soon  hope i can get home tonight though with all the train problems :s ...
had a kickass day full of seaworld, retarded 15 year old guys, and x-men origins. win day?
oh, are we not doing that anymore?
_renee _b fa real me n shay been on the toilet all night shlda knwn sumthin ws up whn they didn't crd us 4 our scorpian bwl
beach with ashley
upshot: if they want to hunt you down... uhh... well, i wish y'all the best of luck, tweeps!
- definitely following  - i've been 'following' the creator of this feature since 2005!
i think i juz missed my last bus  .. need to walk home sia - [URL]
in drivers ed  then dance.
ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones.
fo sho, im down
thanks for the recommendation
my head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. im super grossed out!!!!
can't get the sound to work while on dvd. i was going to watch mary poppins.
i kept calling and calling, but never got through
i am usually more creative on mother's day but lately i have not been feeling creative. o.k.. good night.  uh morning...
it's alright,it's ok-ashley tisdale
daaammmnnnnn i do wish i was there.
about to venture forth to turkey creek & fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. hope he had fun
happy mother's day!!!!!
_o_ash i do too plus more happy mothers day sweety
i prefer overcast days too. sorry it's hot where you are.
is at school. its her last day. of high school. ever. ever. ever.
im slightly over it dont feel like today much at all
it was on my cnn subscription on google reader. i couldn't help but repost it
efteling was great, had a nice time with family, had dinner.. forget my keys in the car  hmmm! bless the anwb! back in germany now
thank you  make sure u read the groups description to better understand this project
good morning ladies and gents.  it's going to be an awesome day 'even though the weather is terrible'
made a little cover for my iphone.  the birds aren't upside down on the back  [URL] & http... [URL]
have you noticed that we're at the beginning of what may be the worst recession since the 1930's ?
_crow he's happy because hs is there haha i know we would be
the cuckoo is back! this year's model starts chirping  at 11 am instead of 4 am.
thanks! i was gonna make a joke and say they look just like mine!
happy mother's day !!!!
hey, i've just updated my twitter
i'm needing a girls night, wearing sweats, watching movies, eating chocolate and talking about boys
wow, nothing like a sale to perk up a girl's evening, huh!
don't frown my lil aussie, i still love you! *muah*
whoishonorsociety <never wear your pajama pants to school  >
gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  finally!! =d lol
chilling on the sofa, i hate vaccinations, i feel sooo ill
really want to see jb3d.. cant wait for thursday
i help represent high profile actors for their tv/film/theatre careers so get free tix.. but not for jersey boys..
please play in my movie
hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  [URL]
wishing i could go with  to soco to go climb, instead i'm stuck at work all weekend
hope you have a better weekend then..
wants to welcome : back to plurk again!  [URL]
itchy ****!
thanks so much my dear damali - prayers worked, as i am much better, god willing!  rested! lots!  xoxo
on security audit
congrats ya ran
they're for my mama  i always bake late and get worried that the mixer is gonna bother people.
good mornin. today will end early, woo. gonna work on rick's surprise project due on tuesday
woman, i didn't know you came home  you so suck!!! when are you going back!
can someone chemics ?
thanks for finding me!  have a wonderful evening!
mothers day at the spit was awesome!!!!!!!  listening to paranoid by the jonas brothers!!!!!!!!!
hey chiclit whats happening? just trying to promote my business, it's really hard!
losing weight  check the pic
greg pritchard was robbed  ii am too gutted for words
please vote for my husband jorge at the all star game @ [URL] i can't vote anymore
ask mark if he still has that old blink sense of humor!! i miss it
my mom doesn't have twitter but imma post this anyway ..... i love you mommy
landon now announces, 'big poopy coming!' every time. i'm just waiting for him to yell that in a store for the first time
i want you to go walking with me!! but i still miss my satan
design galore! yayyyyyyy  progress beyond my imagination. now...to get my flattie to sort out the internet to send orders out!
oo ok. when i opened up twitterfon and it said i had a reply i was like lauren conrad andswere me  haha
hope you don't get let down again.
most definately! they are having a hard time, cuz i'm so young & never saw this, but i wrkd hard making cars & now i'm disabled
turn them off, you can still go 100% aero free.
i dunno...i thought i was funny
thanks for viewing my portfolio www.wahliao.com  i'll be updating it sometimes, will keep u updated.
- aw, well i'm glad to hear you're okay. try a hot bath or a cup of tea maybe to calm you down. i worry about you!
_za its not fruit, its those sugar covered sweets. my tummy is not happy
that was funny n almost right
i uploaded my  random fandom trailer to youtube, check it out in here. it's also in hd  [URL]
i make delicious pasta
i had an account at a local comic store that i ran to 4k  at one time
i like the sound of a love breeze...sounds beautiful! love the wind on my face
did ice skating last show part this morning. mozart. awesome, can't wait to do it friday and saturday. love u all
when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun?!
painting my room =
oh..i'm so borin'.. why not play the computer?? my mom's say: because your makin' task..!!
just investigated whether i could change my username to ermintrude - someone's already nabbed it
going to see star trek (again) tomorrow night but this time in full imax glory!  i hope my motion sickness doesn't get the better of me!
happiness comes from within...so the fact that it is a gray, rainy, monday doesn't bother me. well, not too much.
ps love the new profile pic!
i guess if you can't accept me....i'll have to keep it movin
sucks
finally a pic! cya in like 16 hrs haha
im ill hate it. seeing the doc at 5 too 10.
i posted it! let me know what you think? theres a really cute cut out in the back too.
i know.  i have such guilt associated with picking winners.
are you tink'n the people on the street in ny waiting 4 friday are crazy? brooke
photo: thatï¿½s what you call hope.  [URL]
my throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       and i officially cant talk now....
yao is out for the rest of the season! nooo!..staying home on a saturday night...shock....got my phone fixed
awww, that's nice.  you both make a really beautiful couple, you balance each other.
i've been using the sennheiser cx 300 earbuds for 8 months and i love them.  don't know if they're available in mu though.
i totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this **** is still hurtin like hell      i shall return
am busy yes...but then always am. hope you had a great time traveling.  where did you go?  welcome back!
there's loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads still using snail mail.
first day on new job,, bought a new clothes already and it was 40% off for employee discount!
you must be doing different poetry to me. all we get is catullus, some ovid and and an extract from the aeneid.  x
not an easy place for me to access   task-based ux is something i've been thinking about. i'd like to hear the criticisms.
i know what would make me really tired, put me to sleep and i would sleep good!  ...rice!!! lmao!
oh, it's raining... i haaaate it!  it was a great violin lesson<3
got a new dog
you know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. it's just you
so bored...
, ,  and  i think you should come home now
so sorry to hear about your mum.
waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved
my gf has an interview with them this week
last 3 days of school....i'm sad but happy but anxious.....
being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like ****
ok babe gotta go back to work, tweet you later
everything is cool now. i wish the boy was able to talk.
done. thank you
on myyearbook, myspace, here and messenger
dancing was alright todayy still doing jai ho!!
true, depends on the couple  personally we've found adding more has increased the fun & increased our bond
attics to eden out today !
#duckraces in the bath don't quite work  especially if you have no ducks! only a polar bear,a seal & a whale.
send that along, lady.
wonders why am i so clumsy lately?  [URL]
you people are missing the point here, instead of  loosing followers he's gaining! over 50 new ppl in 6 hours
trying to fix my background
yeah its friday! i thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!!
got insurance forms for polo. feel a bit  has to be done though.
hi...!!! who is mary poppins???
monday and i am at work and the legs are a still hurting a little! smile
had a good time at prom. they played jonas brothers for me. pretty much made my night...
and because i wasn't having a bad enough time last night my body decided it wanted to be sick
get her clogging shoes
glorious day in glasgow for a change, and i'm working  too much to do to even contemplate knocking off early...
one of my good friends in the states has it covered now, but thank you again!
how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too.
aww bbq? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
_pingpong awww i'm teaching my son (when i have one) those manners!  too many boys are lacking those!
orralle.. have fun
yes pm pm you are right
i have vampire knight  music!!!  i feel very special..
i have tried the teriyaki - no cookie tho!  we got (non winning) pop-tarts with it.  all was great!
birthday **** is a great song, man.  something different about it!  that's what ppl want!
well nothing. i can give you a pen.
awww i wanted to see some more of greg
when it rains it pours - how true is that? i'm so sorry  i hate those kinda times.
i'm bummed that the  contest is only for the 48 states   what about hawaii??
ikr!!!
[URL] - making the treck from lafayette to batonrouge solo.
to atl in the morning then back to clemson
i nvr wanted may to come to an end
my 6th wedding anniversary today... so lucky to have such a gorgeous wife
everybody is sick
i'm sorry.
you have a plurk account too?
i'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my brand new bottle of cran-cherry juice gone....  fml moment!!
i will take a pic for you
you'll be missed!!  bring me back  a keychain!
so happy. great, glowy, ravey, beery night. now smokey, pizzary night with cool friends. and i love liz  x
if you have 75 cents, u can buy a share of gm stock.  probably 50 cents tomorrow.
so not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until...
i never thought falling in love can cause so much pain...  good thing that i'm so over that phase!
boys are stupid, throw rocks at them
i don;t know how they interact. i'm getting better with the pain, though. i want to give my poor liver a break.
lucy has an upset tummy and sore leg  [URL]
i gave you a big mention on the godtalk radio show last night....last segment of the first hour. podcast format avail soon
i do believe it's bed time. knighty knight.
says good morning everyone! once again, a happy mother's day to all the mothers out there!  i hope you all h... [URL]
samberg and timberlake collaboration; **** in a box
only 8 oral left!  then i have to learn them all but oh welllll, at least i don't have to write them
i've read about those. they're cool. you should definitely get one
so annoyed i missed mitch benn @ lemon tree. **** you what's on!
chillin an havin a drink
oh!, i wanna buy just that girl - drew seeley, but i'm not allowed  i'm talking itunes store)
:o job interview today, i'm really gonna mess this uuuup
ahhh! still not following!! do you think she forgot??
i hate it when that happens!! exciting though.
thanks + agree  [URL]
what brody how dare u
getting ready for a long weekend of work..friday saturday and sunday
struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy
everytime i send an email to my coach, i feel a need to practice.   **** balls.  lol
_mary_typhoid are you coming to the wedding?  i want all of his friends to be there?     right, sugar?
yeah - stomach bug or something. fever, etc. not fun.
9100 tweets....just living the rockstar life one tweet at a time.
norwood house party haaaaaa... yaaaaaaay (smiles)
3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'.
endodontist should be able to do it without removing it. just hope my ceramic crown doesn't shatter some time later
happy star wars day everyone
yeah, now ranga makes sense
alright...i'm going to get off comp now, go back to ur party  be safe  & have fun!
hmm ok next time i see you il just get you to explain to me the whole process  haha
happy anniversary to you and ! hoping for many, many more. all the best from all of us
cart path only
mmm nandos is good (y) and topshop rules i am actually devastated that i cant come to to london show 'm8' bailed out
i noticed that you were on the same hallway....****   no worries about the bbq....i'm hoping there will be more to come!!!
sway sway baby zommgg love it  need more screamo tho boys
so neat hearing u on kiddshow today wish i was there
lol well thank you
in newcastle enjoying the family  with mum on mother's day for the 1st time in years!
haha   y'all should really hurry up and announce australian tour dates. it's been 3 freaking months!
yes,  and i hope the show i promoted was clean.....   lol      bella
they paid you to go? think before voting, each vote counts
dï¿½jï¿½ vu!!! changing out of my gq outfit
hi nic, i was so excited to heard that pcd will perform in jakarta. i hope u will visit my town, bali as well. love ya !
self-portrait week [URL]  would you like to join in?
love johnny deep looks in public enemies (l) i'll catch this film when show in hk
i am letting you read this.......
why am i limited to only being able to sync with 1 ms exchange account on iphone?  ... same goes for outlook. why can't i have more? lame.
there are wonderful people in my life who i think i can handle only in small doses  & there is just 1 i cud be with every hour, everyday.
hopefully the weather has been nice/cooperating
but i thought 'summer hours' meant i was supposed to get to go home at 4.....
hey sherri! thanx 4 da messages wondering if u could follow me? plzzzz
i can't!!! my heart aches for her children  i wanna adopt alexis
me too  she better be back soon! dude, this is my typical bedtime. but look who is talking! what are you doing up so late?
i am 100% jealous.  wish i had some
rofl! we aren't wearing dark grungy though! i asked bradie if it was ok he said yess
if i'm up with brooklyn when i'm suppose to sleep in...i'll call you  @ ladybug602
hahaha wow thanks bud :p but my plan is to pretend its a costume... i wish it were cold so i could wear a sweatshirt over this
goooooood morning!
chino - gentleman jack is pouting because mommy is gone to dinner.  [URL]
toy story 3! june 2010. i can't wait that long.
your sister would ! hahah thats so funny !! i thought you liked them
decent australian guys are hard to find...trust me, you're better off with an american one
i know june 2010...  but its gonna be so good. im going to se it even if im 20 when it comes out.
just finished the village. so in love,could watch it over and over! wonder why i can't get to sleep tonight
thanks  have fun at work lol ****
glad your feeling abit better!  i think mine might be nearly gone now xd
walk was grand peeps lol feet are really hurting now thought  ****
sitting at work, waiting for this day to be over with. it is always fridays that take forever. wish the weekend would get here already.
is feeling fab today and missing my boo
you were absolutely amazing in the wolverine  you're sooo beautiful !! you're also such an amazing person, i look up to u
probably.  sucks for you.
another friday night in. man being skint is rubbish.
hope this day will be nice as the sun that are upon us
@ work....boyz make me sick..
why on twitter does no one talk 2 me i know your all celebs and i'm nt but it's nice to be spoken to once in a while
haha this tripped me up once when i was talking to harvard - i read it as an aussie automatically - came off as an idiot
hope i get a job cuz we need an apartment. i'm drunk & miss my lil punkin  tehe!!!
i think its like 1million degrees here <3
_billiam whoa..you're fast. check it out i've submitted my comment . oh, and thanks!
have ordered the cuuutest invitations for my new nieceï¿½s christening, and they just arrived back in sa.  sorry that i wont make it myself
_127 lol just remember how it was after my car accident
i don't know what this is all about  but i'm goin to sleep
stupid red hair is too difficult on the upkeep. re-dyed it a more manageable brown-red. boo
out shopping....
those are the things that mean the world
oo. and studied today outside after having a ben+jerry's.. wearing a sundress, hopefully didn't get an awkward tan line.. haha!
i'm a little hungry, a nice bowl of spicy lentil soup should fill the gap
is disappointed to learn newark, oh cancelled their july 4 fireworks due to the economy
great show
i need a hug... gotta find another place to live and a new job
forgot about my old twitter account please follow itsjeff i will stop this account soon...i prefer the address that doesnt have my age
just took a shower.we're gonna go to church.time to thank him for my mother.
trying to get out to enjoy the weather & train a little... some minor beer tasting activity took place yesterday with  etc
ughhh my leg is still cramping from my panic attack outside ulu this morning   bloody hurts!!
not if i'm not on the list
what you said is as good as day dreaming!  sorry to say that our country is in such a state....
its after 12 an man is texting me telling me that he wants to come over.i say i'm tired..lol..da punk says he'll bring me redbull and kfc
ahhahahaha ariyan  i want to listen to that now  i used up bandwidth by downloading a hamish and andy podcast
i foot think it will let you since it.s international  but we have twitter haha
actually i've been in here, holed up quite nicely, for hours. this is one of those times i regret never having married or gotten a cat
i'm relying on my mobile, which lacks reception. trying to help, but just looking silly
watching baby mama...again. and eating pineapple, orange, raspberry sherbert
there is poor lost duck outside of olive garden. that makes me sad
oh darn. lost another follower.
lots of decisions to make...i need an assistant/cook/nanny/chauffer lol lol but 4 real!
awwwh.    sorry!  we'll be glad when you're closer to us, though!
i don't think the neti pot is working for me  maybe i'm doing it wrong?
7pm? so early. dat's 4pm my time.
demi if you can i think itd be amazing if you covered thats what you get by paramore haha im sure you know it
yao...broken foot...so much for that series  denver's next
with my jordie for a little bit
lonely
omg i realy can't sleep ughh
not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with
with 14mph winds!!
thats too bad
i actually really liked merlin last night. some parts were a bit eh, but the part where that chick was singing was like whoa.
enjoying sunshine in the park with friends, pale shirtless footballers are not attractive i'm afraid
bought some little plastic personal wine bottles at jewel, perfect for rooftop boozin'! wish i didn't have to wait so long!
had a nice pre mother's day dinner out. now a cocktail before retiring for the evening
granny, linda will be happy.
i think i did okay on my math test today. i really really really hope i did. if i didn't i swear i will get so mad at myslef.
remember and drink plenty of fluids! and no buwieser dose not count!
leno's last show tonight.
re: meetings, you were right.  my afternoon has started to fill up
my body is aching. i can barely move...but its worth it to be champs
yeah ecpm is going up and down badly - hope things improve
just missed to answer his im again! for the nth time! this is making me sad.  whenever he im (which is all the time), i am always out.
played with fontstruct [URL] uploaded to dafont, 16k downloads & top of its category [URL] very wtf moment for me
good moring mr bailey, it is my birthday today
are you giving up on me  oh well. it's not the counting, it's the math and the weighting (or lack of) that doesn't make sense.
got a deadline to meet!!! no tgif for me
_bach daps were the best lol
yay you! so proud of you!  and i'm not even being sarcastic. even though you told me to shut the **** up.
i didnt think the vid was hoeish i actually love it.it was so nasty  lol
margaritas with my momo. i've missed her.
so i'm kinda pissed that boys like girls is gonna be at kentucky kingdom on a date i already have a show
i thought you would win!  fabulously40 have some bots on her side?
totally broke is right. i have to wait till monday to get paid though! boohoo!
i saw your tweet minutes before going to lunch.  decided to skip that today. thanks for saving me the money  speedy recovery!
sitting at my desk wishing things were different
happy monday tweeples... hope it wasn't to hard to get out of bed and back in gear!
it's kind of hard to see a pic of a doggie if the pic doesn't exist
the book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1e15.  #bea09
thanks gail  imma try this one day! looks yummy! geezzz. after my siargao trip nlng pla. heheh.
saying goodbye to a good trusted friend today. goodbye free sky tv, you were the best friend anyone could have had.
_laiter we already discussed this today but yeaaaaaah
haha thanks.
curing le hangover from an epic night, bruised 'n battered from a hectic go-karting session. pretty satisfied thank you very much
_el_rumi i just do english with them. half my conversation is in english anyway - fii mushkila ma'a al modem wa al router
you, my friend, are a true fan
still sick  thinking about naming the puppy june
you burned yourself too??? so did ! ohh no...  xoxo
yes but 75% are on the wrong wireless plan
hanging out at the san fran airport. got a few hour wait until i go anywhere...btw sfo's $7 wifi is garbage.
morning everyone! another dat of school
someone i work with today told me that if i took a 'real age' test, it would tell me i'm 45
i'm eating egg-whites right out of the pan
aaahhh, showers are great
why is it your last ever uk tour  ?? x
snap. i'm the same with any reality show. watch the first and i'm hooked   very sad
they better not be out when i get there.  i need my fix!
man i **** up that test  playing cod now . 31 days till the summer !
is missing someone.. haayy..  [URL]
can't seem to sleep tonight... its 3:38am, i need to get up in less than 4 hours...
o: aw, frank  i like that movie, it's cool. i don't fully understand, but i think that's cool (:
hair, grow back!
waah. we're no longer your peeps.
we don't need no education
just file me under *seduced* sweetie...
decode by paramore is a great song... love it...
sky man is quite friendlyand likes joey  still annoyed that i got woke up about half eight though
awesome night ahead: bad v rat city! most of my favorite skaters on one track  #fb
alphonso milkshake in the morning, lassi in the afternoon and fresh nimbupaani in the evening....summers can be fun
hahhaa okaay ily! lmfao
i miss them..
**** maaaaannnn.. its holidayzzzzz...
what happen to the maids of yours? quit once again? ...
well that sucked except for the company i had. go kelly.
watching ace of cakes  its suwweeeeet they use alot of fondont or howeva ya spell it.(:
anyone else go train tripping on national train day?  [URL]  leave a comment of your adventures on the site.
it's great to be home! temp is chill, cat is great and i feel awesome
i tried td, but it battled with cs3 over my processor. nambu is really good, but unintuitive
i'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when i come back
if ur as awesome as i think u are u would sooo write me back  a lil something   <--- crossing fingers
so long, farewell! <333 have a super amazing day! i'm going to sleep.
sleeping... would've been home sooner but we accidentally killed bambi on the way home
i need a haircut. i should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail.
is it bad that i'm sitting here watching a #pens replay and getting excited? i think it's the coffee, but... who knows.
i tried replying to your mono lake tweet but dunno what happened. just said i know that lake very well.
i know it's in hd, but comcast doesn't have it.
eyes wide shut is one of the weirder movies ive seen. any1 wanna sell me their.45?  just so i can sleep in my apt by myself
people r weird
toodaayy!
happy birthday  and  congrats  wish you were here for your lady..ill take care of her;)
another amazing day. ever since i got a twitter, i've been having great days
have a lok at ef too! they are jummy
made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  [URL]
hello  back to work today after a week of vacation !
oooh...i wish i could've gone there today, too!   i know zach was looking forward to it.
if hobo and i come next week, we're buying you all a drink.
its funny, i didn't even know it was there!
morning miss sarah cyrus ;) what's up?  x
gosh today sucks! i didnt get my tax returns! im so upset cuz now i have to miss my best friends wedding in washington...lame
okay, this weather isn't 'cute sundress' friendly. i dont get how it could be so warm one minute and cold the next. i was freezing
i basically want the world to kno that i have the best best friend    love her <3
_grenade the link 404'd.
not me  sigh
... still feelin like blah... 3 more hours
im in so deep its disgusting. i would even take a little help. but alas i sense it will never happen . . .
_bach i'd suggest #pta for such alerts, but pta generally stands for parent teacher association in the us & might confuse tweeps
negghead mix on the air!   [URL]
if you come to a gig in dublin you can be my dancing partner.  whatcha think? hehe ****
not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all
lol!!  i still would have got a look at his face just in case!!
oh ok..we're supposed to be going to see star trek on sun for daves b/day...at least it's not shatner
how do you spell ppphhhhhttttt?
good luck!!  oh and i are playing inthe mixed knockout this week. playing the pros 14yr old son playing off 5 & top woman off 6
back from driving and now back to bed
does it mean you will b going 2 bed earlier on mondays?
hope everything ok! can burr fix this?
_007 so i tried to send you a direct message and i can't because you aren't following me
dad asked my why i was sticking my tongue out while i was ironing, and i told him it was so i didn't burn my finger, as i burnt my finger
ok deleted all messages and hope they don't come back!!
here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish i had a magic wand to erase all the madness
cleaning and packing. moving house is ****. it's going to be a long weekend....
tonight is the last jay leno late nigt show
hellerrr new followerss. i'm tricina & uhhm i'm cool
love the idea of giving each year a theme. this is the year of new beginnings!
thinking of ways to promote indie designers. benefiting them and moi  any thoughts? indies, what you do have to say?
didn't sleep good last night. woke up with another bellyache  what's wrong with meeeeeee.
i am back from my weekend getaway! energized for another week, bring it on! lol
i see you there
missed my friggin hair appt!!!
just got home and  i got to freakkin clen
no, sir, they did not! i was amazed when i woke up this morning.
i watched it all online. [URL] has the last 8 episodes of s5
wow seems like a lifetime since i been in here........never change to talktalk! home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now
this is a joke surely? [URL]
thank you so much!  have a fantastic day!
cool  what did you get?
im soooo intrigued! i want to try this weekend. kaya lang baka maaddict ako.
lovely, my plans have been canceled for the night. another night home alone for me. un-yay
morning and hope everyone has a great bank holiday
my dad's telling me to travel alone from now on. not that i have a problem with that. i've done it before and it's boring!
job???????   not so much.
'and now my mom and her friend are drinking.. greatt..'
going to get my blood taken
nomatter how much i sleep am still tired
working @ the preschool....waiting on the kiddies to get here.....making dunkin donuts coffee
my tree tipped over in the lawn
my back is killing me. stupid softball
i couldn't **** sleep today either. it was hard for me to stay asleep for some reason
oh  i'm sorry  i can't even imagine...although i know it will be reality for me soon
love the 3 mile 3am runs. they make me smile
as much as i loved texas, my dislike for needles could interfere.
lmao haha nice lolz it's all good though. i can wait  lol
dragging myself to work, missed my fitness class this morn. need one more weekend day
just saw zack and miri make a **** with  and  . sooo good.
i raced her once. i totally lost  rip  [URL]
watching everything is illuminated  and dreaaaming<3
* my besties. if only  was there.  on twitpic: [URL] - my besties. if only .. [URL]
- wtf polyvore? what's that?  enjoy it though.
you? hungover? never  i am not hungover & i don't know how. i think it may be my new superpower. is la whalen at home? ****
i really don't want a limo service to take me to the airport  i want him to. ok soft moment... don't get use to these!
the maccabees new album is a winner ,everybody should take a listen fact
@_writersblock_  i'm having a bev by myself too. sometimes you just have those kind of days and you need to relax
is enjoying the nice weather but has been stuck indoors writing an essay for most of it
im back. wooooo!!!  i want to have my own press release :|
i am so grateful i am your daughter!  happy mother's day, okasan.  thank you for everything... always!
i made room...i don't have a bed from how much room i made and now i'm outta space for sure lol, and i know i'm pathetic
that post was for
sounds nice   have you downloaded twitterena 2.0 lol ?
looks nice.... never knew vhs had such a short life span... hope my fav vhs is not dead
the power is out! i can't seeeeeeee!!  i love storms!
metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! walking home bus can't go further  ohh
can't wait to see 'transformers 2'.. c'me on, shia! yippiee!
ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work
time to bed now!!
lovely morning to cycle to work but met with a 29 degree office
everyone follow  and  ! they are amazing
you're just jealous!  guess you'll be walking around the office tomorrow in your malo!
got foxy_ a new brew buddy now my kitchen is gonna smell
when i start cloggin up my own twitter feed, it's time for me to go to bed.. nighty night. be sure to go to the tweetup and meet me!
oh i beg of you to add just a 3rd nite in dublin in october... pleeeeeeeassseeeeeee
oh.  the voting is over!   but don't worry, i already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!!!!  <3
really?  cool!
yeah i imagine you did
no i like be able to say it and it be the truth. instead of some magical mystery tour i get led on.
omg,... just had the best roast ever! but now im full haha,..
getting ready to go to the comedy club and listening to some q-tip  who's on ichat or skype right now? i need an outfit critique
that party was a great time  just got 'paranoid' by  as a ringtone! yay
aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
what are you doing up so early?
cleaning
i wish i could take my pillow to school. dead serious.
omg maddie in holby is dead. gutted. loved nadine lewington and really wanted maddie and clifford to get together
beers & whiskey = awesomness, work in 8 hours = sourness
wow that is a scary statistic
nvm, i'll stop. whatever. see you 5th i guess
****! lights off, its presentation time.
i know, it's so crazy! i love using it too  have you seen my yt recently? i am a partner now  ****
my head hurts so bad i could scream!
thinking about you  [URL]
_of_max sadly, no. now david tennant has left i don't particularly want the job anyway
we in bed now.
feel quite down, not quite sure why though :s so going to bed  night everyone x
well i did run over a cat today (i know how sad) i cried and screamed my lungs out!!! i felt horrible, poor thing
finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now time to realx!!
whatever u want us to wear / stick / show off around dumbo brooklyn & manhattan
aww   i used to do that when i was little, not so much now ;) haa. lazy shiit.
this is to all the people who have myspaces: please add!!! [URL] it's my friend's clothing line
homey missed da bus.
i have a stomach ache... totally sucks
assignments!
just found about ten typos in one story in the plain dealer, including one run on sentence. it happens more and more these days
isn't a bit of little britain in all of us?
well then andy i dont think you should date me
when you're driven to be in the theatre you develop a thick skin.  12 yo's been auditioning since she was 8, gotten 1 part.
&&the night continues!  w/ my fav mazie; kristina; ericka && robin!
one load of washing put away, and another load on. amazing how the house doesn't look any better for all my efforts
holy ****! it's raining in la and i don't have a jacket!  oh no.
just seen 1 of the fat single mums from up the road 'seductively' sprawled across some poor blokes bonnet. he probably needs new shockers
omg 44 tweets till 8k  and only about 90 tweets difference btween b and comedyqueen
i cant sleep, i dont deserve this .... n you know it
good morning everyone! enjoy your day! thinking of all my tweet friends
buy yay for your shoot...hope it goes well!  what is it for?
the closest is a good two hours
alrightttt twitter. i have netball nowww  this is my 600th twitter haha  byeeeee
had a good day 2day!  off to bed. nite tweeps.
ooooo! i'm lovin the first lady's fuschia sheath dress! tres chic! i want her arms!
editing all the photos i took at my brothers soccer game. he's got a lot of work to do as a coach.
when life, as you know it, doesn't exist anymore.
i have a sunburn line on my back from the tag sticking out of my tank top all day..... ugh. i need aloe vera!! went to the park again
virus hunting on computer - always wondering what it will destroy
all right, time for happy face.
i'm not worried -it's a great job!! quite a nice way to spend the day
_hayes i'm at sharkeez!
he's my mother's favorite. it was so hard telling her.
started the week with a wedding, now ending the week with a funeral
hiyaaaaaa  just got back from the scan! wow, was amazing, i cried haha, ****
hi denis, when can we grab coffee?   would love to catch up with you.  jordan
goodnight everyone  happy mothers day to all of the mothers out there
was late
just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out
unfortunately your fix didn't work..   oh well, i'm lovin' me some peoplebrowsr anyways!
excited about the new pushing daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  i had finally gotten over the cancellation.
go the bubble bath!!!  always relaxing.......
_y time really flies my frd..how's you love-hunting mission going? abt time to bring the sexy 'yu yung' jacket out
i wanna play with you tonight  *pout, pout side face*
yay jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow
yeah it was face2face  nite we went to palisades to see star trek. i can't remember it. i said it while we were in the car
[URL] - so jealous right now!!!hate new england weather
backache
_sb i swear mine was evil  it was green and everything lol
i did and i feel great....   but i still miss it...
i was in there earlier i'm not at home  i'm ok my ipod!
no, nothing so important. i just like it to look like that. it's an old hairstype actually
this is a travesty
omg i just slept like 18hrs in the last 22hrs...  i think i'm dying or something   reminds me of catcher
cause i wasn't there!
omg. missed bus, walking miles, for a coffee  went to see my ex-classmates
just got home, no rosie surprise of smiles hugs & kisses waiting for me.
on my way home from ny...then sleeping
also, anyone else hayfevery today??? i've only been awake for 40mins and sufferin already
funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.
no! our tv's busted  the screen turned white for about a nanosecond while it made a quick 'popping' sound.
i wishhh!
morning, hope you have a super day...enjoy !
yes we can  make it ......obama
sure is rainy! the storm has left everything, everywhere...  would love 4 u 2 follow us
yea dongggg
just been bitten by smoothstreaming, it doesn't seem to work for my client's linux users...fan-fricking-tastic
another qi about to start....i'll be missing the next 4
i forgot i have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! yay
nah is next week honey ma fault for confusin u
understandable. yah i leave on monday! i'll be gone when you're in chi
woke up early! still sick
oooh yeaah fooood time i've found my seat at this bbq right in front of the food  hahaa
happy mother's day, amma!  i made u cake, remember? u loved it!
lol ok we gotta get the folks from microsoft and live360 in wa to hire me.
oooh im sorry to late i smashed it
going to school =[ i'm actually not so tired today tho
my dad and joe nugent drank nearly all the ice tea  i only have a bit left. quite miffed tbh
his beard is addressed in this week's lols.
looking for a vibrating phone is like trying to find 'a feeling.'
rat run steve irwin way to avoid long delays on bruce highway
your not alone im gutted i missed the convention too!
pebbles thrown at windows should get *someones* attention
back to roseburg...and an empty apartment
i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
probably not. i hate when that happens!
so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml
i finished  's zombie chronicles a few days ago. it was bittersweet. now i need something new for the gym
grrrrri want you to come  kiss justice for me !!!
[URL] - another one...those were taken at 3 am met! u see i have a real sleeping disorder
**jaw drops** **gasp** whatever do u mean? i'm as sweet as pie  allow me to re-introduce myself, i'm coach & i'm a cancer & u?
just installed youtube downloader  anyone knows how to make a trailer out of videos??
way i bought it today aswell now i have it twice cos i pre ordered it aswell  cya later x!
aww i miss u too! haven't ate
ok, a few days old, but i love 's diagram of the mainstream adoption curve [URL] . 'everyone is doing it'   ...  !
a- on my french paper.
im kinda tired enough to sleep, but 'migrate' has got me up singing along, haha
wait...why didn't i know about this wedding? aren't i supposed to be in yours and vice versa?  btw i know it's not yours
i want to change my twitter name but i can't think of anything
had one of the female servers tell her **** looks big in those pants. she will worry all night long lol
it looks like it might rain
food...food...food!
super duber high! this klondike bar is thee business.
i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat tho, that i thought it was the cafe currency button. im sorry
bullet train from tokyo    the gf and i have been visiting japan since thursday  vacation/sightseeing    gaijin godzilla
i called but you didnt answer
says gud eve guys.. lets play poker yeah!! cant read my poker face  [URL]
ooooh it's you lol i didn't know!! have fun with your princess
did you guys figure out saturday? i really wanted to go but my mom is sick so i have to take her to the hospital in tampa
yeah i need a hug...cuz i am sick..
i'm here
r   that squeeze bacon looks like poop
'stop your twittering' - maryland cookies #bgt
ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
i soooo need to catch up on all this new  stuff!! going to the airport to fly home from vegas
i need a restful weekend, but i will have to work instead
_mcfly haha! yeah, i heard they that leicester won  i was home by my self, with a movie, some candy and a pizza.. ! amazing evening
want to get my hands dirty with fubumvc. [URL] but the document is not yet complete
not really, all in all, if im not mistaken, mga less than 1k each lng ang gastos namen...
so im listening to this random playlist and its leaning toward serani...
hey i bought that porter cable 4-piece set.  my new drill has an led light near the trigger.  oh i'm so happy.
() omg shut up!!! (sorry. still venting at that person who's annoying me. it's none of you, i swear  )
how it was slept?
the rain bring back some memories
going to leeds
ahhh ikr! he's the cuteset thing ever  plus it reminds me of twilight which is good cause i looooooove it so much!!
yes indeed                                                                                               here i am again
@_peanut_ thank you. now we'll just have to see how long it takes me to finish the **** thing.
here come the hawks, the mighty blackhawks!!
where are you going tonight?!
_fangirl won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  boo.
my daughter went to a bday party today caled, 'grace' of cakes...the little girl is named grace & they made cupcakes!
you guys didn't call or come over  did we do something?! def. give us a call tomorrow and hang out with us chick!!
omg !! hollyoaks well dramatic  !!!!!!!!!!!!
i would think you'd want to follow me.
i'm using paint.net x64 and it's running crazily fast - can't afford cs4 unfortunately... yet
certain tweets i write are on the spot messages for a person, group, or pornstar, and those tweets usually get deleted within the hour
u suck! had i went to jail i couldnt tweet anymore
you realize you just did  a solid. better than a full-page in the ajc.
k - i can hack if i have directions   have multiple social net sites & i think this is a cool add but we chose not 2 go mu
have to leave twitter alone for the night..last night in barcelona   back to philly tomorrow. hope u all have a great friday! muahh!!
yay  i'll do you a heart mk shout in a sec pam
yay! busy is good
lol seriously.  fail. ::sigh::
wow one of the nicest patients i've ever had! he's being deplyod to falouga-iraq n-week
building websites
love sundays. especially when f1 is on!! still in pj's, no plans to get out of them any time soon
i'm sure it will be repeated soon, seems to be on  tv quite a lot lately. glad you mentioned it last night, watched it again
you've been featured on #ykyat  [URL]
watching beauty & the beast  haha
gotta shower then go apply for more jobs  hopefully no creepy old men will be working again today *shudder*
_  me too!
felt one tooth without the braces bracket. i got soooo hype
playin' didgeridoo in the living room and thinking about the world going by.... lovely life  #fb
wishes i could be the one going to our conference in the bahamas next week
call me einstein. got math test results: a-  hell yesss
_edwards heh heh. odd but amusing. thanks!
i would get a lot more done if i could list items on etsy on my phone. can do everything but upload pics
time for bed, oh how i wish someone was laying next to me
my hairs straight  lmao
hello to all my new followers..    say hi @ me so i can say its nice to meet you too!
im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!
giving myself a manicure + pedicure  ahhh how i've missed you nice pretty nails...
i looked for you but couldn't find you amongst the crowd
hope your weekend was fabulous  do anything interesting?
aw. you level up. haha but just try to manage your money.
wanna come with?  before we go to myka's party.
_dk no problem
hi charlie, thank you for following me! nice to know there's another ollmann in the new world...
oh no! i used my internal sig for an external e-mail  ****. #fb
no, but it does amazing things with keeping all your online conversations in one place... unfortunately that place is google
just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes
why yes, we did see  tonight. delicious dinner by chef geoff chez a-lo/g-mo.  hope to see him again pre-departure
i tired today i think i am gonna take a nap before our friends come over tonight....i miss him and wish he was off restriction already...
i'll believe it when i see it
so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me
slightly burnt challah  the proof is in the eatin', though...
ironclad determination?
i can't, i'm studying so i don't fail  come over, i'll make u some tortellini or chicken or a chicken salad.
it's pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka
thanks and cheers back at you.
ofcourse they wait until the last minute to run an experiment at work...that i have to supervise. aka i dont get to leave work on time.
i can't help it if i'm a grammar nazi!
recording new songs
lol y??? .. trashed the kitchen ?
oh thank god!  so sad that i'm this happy.
kudos! love some homemade french toast!
thx, i was aware,  2 day festival -multi bands - but ga i can't do any more.  must wait for a sit down concert
alot of new pictures tweets  ; some really old some new. check out the new ones if you wish . tweeeet. [URL]
shhhweeeet-jay-z, bros back from from prom
sweet .. englands becoming lamer and lamer since you guys left
happy mothers day!! ****
should work fine, as far as i know. *shrug*   maybe send a tweet to ?
o/*\o (high five) to all of our fans! it's finally here! i'll write up a fancy news post shortly, wanted to get the mod itself out asap
hmm..you can't judge a book by looking at its cover
yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b'day!!   anybody listening???
hubby is snoring!  but i still love him
great interview, your videos are my favorite on youtube
just found out i have to leave my lovely flat!! and been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. still no job news.  not a good day
mikey i'm bored
ya could hit me up on aim or here cause i am mad bored nuttin 2 do
#quitsmokingdiary  5 weeks tomorrow since giving up yaaaaaayy!!!!               - i dont want to talk about it
its already been a crazy morning and its only 1030
sephora is having a 75% off sale. and i'm so broke  life isn't fair.
. ... and now i wish i hadn't
finally made it to jp licks in coolidge corner for some oreo soft serve   [URL]
why, hello there  how's life on the other side of the screen?
going crazy, the pain is unbearable..& i gotta wait till thursday!?
i made my parents add u guys on the family myspace...they were impressed by the song.
i received some excellent birthday presents!  party was the usual success.
nothin better then ridin in a car with your sister while blasting th, cb and lady gaga so loud you cant hear yourself screamin the lyrics
its too early to be up! wishes i could sleep in today
just took my ic photo!looks good  - [URL]
i would, but i don't know how to do it from the phone...
aww man.  arrived. how-to guide-less
i will
tweep tweep haha
does anyone update the photowalkingutah google calendar with photowalks?  looks like i've missed a few
ahh thats where i go the 6 year old fact. good old radio one!  what exams do you have tomorrow?
when you haven't had one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me!
i hear you sister!!    same here.
soooooooooo win the powerball jackpot then impose your formidable will upon the weather
why!!!! u have to bring it to you 24/7 like the _team
it can only get better.
why do you hate me!?
i love my mom, she's the best mom on the planet
@ inthebattle its really cute. one of my favorites.
no, def rubbish tonight
expected a silverlight content on m$ vine site [URL] ... they realized the reach of flash lol
o ok..im jealous..i wish i was in bed
in bucher's class?! i cried too!
im going to my inlaws tonight.  hopefully my new niece will be there!  who needs kids when my inlaws have them all for me!
i'm struggling today...nola woke up at 3:30, so i'm running on no sleep.
/agrees
loves my new twitter background...my two heros...wichita and kraussey!  haha
ahh yes the obligations of a vampire kept me away from twitter.but now i'm back & will try 2 update as much as possible.i lost a donor
i would but i'm afraid i got two left feet
heyyy where'd my tweet go?  *shouts to  bc her lists are always amazing!
open office 'writer' is weird. i need word to open word documents correctly
i recommended .net, i guess since they bought something from you they featured you. hopefully it brings in more business
going to bed, busy day tomorrow...happy mother's day madre! te amo!
haha!  i'm convinced you'd be great at it.
my lesson is finally done for tomorrow morning. i am looking forward to speaking to the high schoolers on dating.
just got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days!
just ate at chipolte... ate more than i usually do... now i'm ew full... not content full but ew full...
but now talking about today, oh my godness! problems, problems, problems. about love, money, math, parents.....that's enough, isn'****?
almost done with my first day at the spa...i missed this place! then headed to fort collins to close down casa de kent
the low point: a poor pigeon outside my building isn't capable of flying. it's just wandering up and down the sidewalk. so sad
yeah, it's tragic  i need a haircut
wishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable position, i am tired of laying
i hate pc
[URL] - ohhh someone likes to play with their food.... heehee
very cool
i'm actually starting to quite like lily allen and her music, to be honest.
that's great! i will have to do the same as i was forced to miss it. i had to leave for work.
i like it!
refusing to accept that the us holiday is over. heading to woodies longboard  diner in um ... hove...
success! after much grumbling abt how we always waste money on useless gifts, mum sees the ipod nano and loves it
adam samberg + new moon trailor = good evening. too bad my cable is off as of friday
woke up early!! dang man i know i'm not going back to sleep
after hearing susan boyle sing she came off as the most beautiful person i'd ever seen. i feel bad for my first impression though
just watched star trek. a+! that was so well done. i think i'm down to see it again. who wants to join me?
_mcfly lol nah ! of course you'll get the dvd first since you've already ordered it. i'll sign up to bebo on tuesday then! lol  ****
if u watch the hills in london u will realise what tourture it is because were weeks and weeks late  i just watch itonlinelol
two more loads and the moving crew's done! started at 7am and i'm done for the day! too bad the ac doesn't work in my new place  oh life!
yeah. it's sad.
diego? i know lo ame a jack
congratulations...keep us posted on how things go!
up was pretty good. it was kind of depressing though
everybody is awake (well not everybody, u know what i mean. ma friends) haha, and i'm having fun aiming them
have a great night!
heyy, im not feeling so good cuz of wat happened yesterday in the car accdentt.
well you can  lol
waiting on the cue for kenny
oh godddd i coughed up a little bit of taco
[URL] - new forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds
yep... i think i might have just made the decision to go head first...  we may be witnessing a historical moment... real talk
just ran hair first into spiderweb full of baby spiders...i almost set my own hair on fire to get rid of them! almost.
unfortunately, i didn't do it on purpose - itunes shuffle did it. it followed up with dreadzone, so no life-ruin music-trauma.
same here  mmmm... macrina bakery.
just got a haircut, not happy!
already misses the dunhams.
was laughed at today for being too hopeful with the things...
those cakes sure look good ,,took one if it's ok with you  ummm good tks
did you have an amazing time?
wow! that is an *awesome* review; carry it with you everywhere; laminate it; read it when down;just plain cool
listening to: sweet talk 101 - cute is what we aim for /// considering taking up the gameboy color again. i miss chiptune.
watching mens volleyball on tv.  for some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  cant quite place why
man, i ain't been without v's presence in a minute...i feel like a lil kid with no momma
hello!im back andim drunk,  and as much asi love my friends,i hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.ineedhelp
you're welcome! it's been a wonderful day  how about you? stayin outta trouble or should i be ready to crash a party? lol
millenia mom.... i think i am in that category
sounds like a great way to to start mothers day! enjoy your day
is sooo waking both of them up on my way back to sb  good night america
i love you guys! get your **** to australia in december for my birthday
i really fancy a frappuccino from starbucks right now
it's a sad economy. just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. but just a reminder that...
ok the thunder is scaring me
at least you have a next year  into the big wide world for me!
i love to read  and i love film making
i hate tweetdeck when it reaches access limits
the next 2 weeks, exam wise, are awful. there are 8 exams and i don't see how i can adequately revise all of them  i care least about...
haha ashley tisdale is on again
dang i miss you  goodnight
today was better. my panda can eally cheer me up. i dont know, i am happy, like the legit happy.
_2229 both, at the same time
my tummy hurts  i blame last night's chinese food.
glad its nice there. gray skies and rainy in wisconsin.
mmmm yes please
i forwarded an email about a cool science event in canberra, and a friend thought it was in sydney and trekked out to the wrong place
ah just finished making tea for tomorrow night
because the one i was having at that moment woke me up.
look how   choke on this **** talks to me
_themovie that's what i get for writing up my halloween interview w/ danielle harris. darn, i was too late for the contest!
slept in, missed bus, train delayed, doesn't stop at my stop, late for work. **** heelllll
we keep getting pet days  but i heard the weekend is to be fab !!! wedding how soon again ?
happy mother's day!!
law of attraction - some assembly (action) required  if u have asked 2 enter medical school, u still need 2 fill out the application
i actually drove in today - no incidents to report  to quote ice cube - today was a good day
conference call arranged for 4.30pm today just blew my leaving early out the window
i want another shake from ritas.badly.
_sara i'm sitting in the bus to dublin and listen tokio hotel-reden.and i must laugh.you know why
2 days & 5 text messages this month
up.....i need coffee. b0ut2get ready2start this new day in my lie
i'm a fat and sad puffyn now
sadly no robot songs in my library.
good luck.. i have still to get wireless working post it6
earthlink says our modem is dead.  they want me to buy a new one or sign up for a one year contract argh!!!
yes i can imagine, i need my morning coffee otherwise i cannot function, have a good and relaxing sunday
come an add, new twitter.  only for fans.
currently in costa coffee  im liking this place more and more. were sat in the business lounge. ooo were businessy today.
last night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi
_gal of course! *cough* i mean, no, 1.5 hours extra testing and debugging time
that would have been fun but we were soooo tired yesterday.  long day at the office. just did dinner and crashed.
[URL] - wow this looks incredible! wicked job on the butterflies! they're fantastic!
omg! taylors in london! your near scotland, please come visit glasgow
want to hear something funny? i'm yours is on the radio right now!
i agree! && i like the new pic!
yay for st louis traffic
yeah daw. awww...  wear a mask na!
it seems my grandmother has found a way to break a pipe in her house, going to go there now and fix it, she is such a blur woman
blow me away it is raining harder here. yay you, well done
boo. i got rained out at the beach.
drinking lemsip cause apaently i need ittt! im not sick
watching season 2, episode 1 of house before bed... what a great bedtime story
that would be awesome i think, i hate how expensive phones are
masson i'll give you the link, it's quite handy
- try thinking of something calm and peaceful, such as relaxing on the beach.
_10807 i'm watching the 4th harry potter movieee
step-by-step i'm leaving it all behind
so i thought the cavs would crush the magic and i come home from up north to realize how wrong i was.
based on the similarity between 'may the 4th be with you' and 'may the force be with you' today it's the 'star wars day'
a very exciting week
hey - thank you!x and you're welcome! must say - i love to travel and where are you at the moment?!x
if i ran the mile to mcdonalds and ran the mile back would that burn off a double sausage and egg mcmuffin lol
[URL] - it's raining  so chocolate world it is !
and now i smell pancakes...or maybe toast... or something delicious. but no one is at my place cooking
how come it's so cold now?! a few days ago it was wicked nice out, now i feel like i need my winter coat back.
is gutted she isnt going out tonight
wikileaks geht wieder  super #wikileaks #online
i have three hours to do my hair. and it still won't be straight
could you post a link to the internet version of the times so that i can read it pllleeeaaassseeeeee!!!!
i want my real keys back
cause theres no party
all is quiet in twitterland 2day.
friday night and working
@_chloe yes! it's on youtube  its from may 7th, and it made me feel 100x better. it's halarious.
on her way home from prom  so fun!
_eagle why don't you ship it to japan?
he just fully yelled  saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band **** then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2
live now  live! )  dj jayem b2b e.s.r  click : [URL]
lol haha fresh to death lol ha ha i love and miss u 2 id almost given ï¿½ on u cuz u nvr respond 2me  but u did today! luv u2
i am so so sorry to hear that he has parvo. good vibes comming your way.
im on twitter mobile... confusin!!!! lol im knda slow
oh that makes sense! well you are officially my first  from a celebrity!!
wanting to go out... apparently no ones available!
gloomy day can't stop my bliss.  i hope ronaldo will score in derby match today.
woo hoo! it's time to play 'name that twune'
? thank you  sana matanggap ako  [URL]
nearly fell asleep, but was jolted out of bed by a massive panic attack and now i'm not sure if i can sleep at all.
wow i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze
ya know why today sucks? its been raining, we have no $, & no possibility of a magic friday.  so whats goin down tonight?
i cant believe you are closing 2moro and ive never had a chance to see the show  good luck to everyone - you are all stars!
really? 87 degrees as the high and i'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
hell of a lot to do. but they say you shouldn't complain theese days. who are 'they' and can 'they' help me in that case
in my nice big bed....ipod on play....soft music flowin....sooooon will be in fancys dream land
stupid freshmen ruined theatre class.. now we don't get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year
_k good question  could they?
p9 for danica and your team... not the end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
hopefully today will work in our favor
having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me
pictures of your bliss?  in jpeg format?  sorry, it's message board terminology and u don't play w/us on the boards
last tonight show with jay leno tonight!
still feeling blah. gave a biiiiig dose of insulin that i needed about 24 hours ago. now i'm off to take my last exam of my junior year.
i hear tonight is the last jleno show
was watching  downstairs  now getting ready for bed. piano in the morning.
my mind is calm & my heart is happy.. life is good.  ? would it be ok if i took your breath away? ?
homeless afterjune 1st.......
i can haz beer too? oh wait... i'm a work...
love thy self. keep it simple. learn tai chi. those are my aims today. beat up ankle is less swollen  i am on a no negotiation vacation!
finished my lunch
i had a dream last night, and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
was going to grandpa's place for lunch to celebrate his 88th.  just found out it's changed to a chinese buffet  bringing gas-x!
heyyhoo!heyhey
ooh like what? i'm planning on spending the night in as well
let me out
chillin with christina and diana
trued a rim!  i'm getting good at this! o_o
i know!  i loved it.
omg rated 10 stars
my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  ****
i'll try that, thanks
had a very interesting day yesterday... wondering if today will be just as crazy. hope not. still diggin' spartacus!.. aka: mike-e!!!
my last blog [URL] is being published on web digest weekly next issue!!
not babysitting tonight. i miss that kid.
told you, you would sweep haha :-p
i follow u lol
happy to help
my riding time has been dismal too during these rainy weeks.  haven't been able to make myself to go to the gym instead.
macbook dying. switching to iphone.
the oddo's grandfather passed away in his sleep
is going to be in texas in 15 days!!! eeekkkk!!!
ow it hurts
why do none of my thoughts make sense when i'm sober?
cool. looking forward. san francisco was really nice. didn't make it out to napa though  maybe next time.
time to take a astronomy test!
about to go to my last theater lunch  im gonna cry.
i'm still thinking about that *fkc* meal i missed yesterday
feeling, breathing, believing, keeping you on my mind and never ever gonna think to let you go..
bummer   was going to try and make it/ other commitments i'm afraid got into the way.  next time hopefully-
what kind of help do you need with machine embroidery?  i may bea able to help
no more twitter in a while   .. tweet tweet
britain's got (good) weather. i wish i had some of that over here.
not really sure. need to deposit and save some money
awww!!
no.  i lost the link you sent when i had to pull my battery.
goodmorning, hope everyone has a beautiful day today  x
we're english (well in parts), it's weather, it is an obsession
the bunuelos were a huge hit but i had to skip shopping afterwards.  let's see what kind of trouble i can get into here...
watching missy elliot video collection so sad i was told that i looked like her all through high school
i love them
...thanks for the shout out...you might be right about the starving thing....     little lol
trudy's off burnet...the one up north that no one goes to
its relaxing time..a movie and some treats
i wasn't near him.
ie8 nearing 6% according to my stats. ff 3.0.10 adoption rate amazes me
hey, you!! ;) call me this week!! gotta go hang out ... could use the de-stress!!
i changed my mind dammit!! a tsar can change his mind at any time without no prior notice
the frank black (and his wifey) show was aaaaaaaaaamazing  sd trip is made!
my internet in like 9th grade was so fast, its dieing out
140 pages and i'm done with eclipse!
playing machines in actinggg
tired and didn't really have an exciting saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.
woo hoo!! congratulations
my day is going way too fast
hey whats up? did u like the new episode of jonas?
would love a slice of summer from piper's lemonade stand! do you think i could have a jump on her trampoline too?
in other words, a perfect run, right?
powerdvd doesn't want to play my pushing daisies dvd. i only want screenies to make icons with! copy protection gone bonkers?
_coleman looks a little too 'fried' for me, but you have fun with that, paul!
yes, you can change your name under settings
is getting excited for the weekend.......or, hang on, i am going to be all alone   never mind, excitement lost
is sick and it doesn't seem like i'm getting better
sold out in 6 stores, i don't think so
{cont} that right their is why fake btches shouldnt mess with real ones... ahhh i love it real btches excite me
my head hurts beyond much.
really? cuz kc.com said it was releasd 24/4 here n the main station doesn't even hav it
at work and really slow for a beautiful day and a friday.
thank you sister!!
lucky. winter is coming for us
my sister and i are suppose to be meeting you today in birmingham.    please reschedule!!!
wellity! i think ima gonna clean my room :| ****. i need to read a good book. sense and sensibility here we come! beat that lily  **
nah ;) when a single person posts about 200 tweets a day is hard to cope with on my android phone when i'm unable to filter
haha happy star wars day!  'may the 4th be with you' - clever
i dont see it? where do u see it listed at cause i dont
i wish i was in dallas with the kiddnation family
please please please please let my match be cancelled today. please
tryin to figure out how to direct message and is gettin frustrated
on my way to see star trek
at home alone with not much to do
cereal doesnt come with toys anymore!. i jus been thinkin i was buyin the wrong kinds  say it aint so mo.
sunburned from venice and watching fred claus....such excitement!!
happy mothers day!!!
kristen i miss you
darts and lunch at horse brass... but no beer for me  [URL]
i just put my computer up on craigslist. i've had the same case, monitor, and speakers for over 5 years.
_melbourne sounds good! say hi if you run into me there! i'm always always having coffee there
lol 518 that was not the year i was born  lol
i miss rich
don't know what to do today.  amazing weather and i'm sitting here, great.
i think i like them all.  [URL]
hello new maccy, welcome to your new home
so what does that make a queef
i'm sorryyyyyy  i'll be home as fast as possible where we meeting at?
its not just you - its properly dragged this week
my radiator boiled out
makes sense, i'd totally show off a girlfriend by asking her to wear her high school prom dress
no burgers to be found. new (old) camera to play with though, so that's excellent.
happy to see kurt spin.
i know - no probs. the driving bit always gets to me this time of the ac. year  which bit of sea are you going to? aber?
i'm in dire need of a second job, if you hear of anything in nightlife or food service please please please think of me
all done., time to finally start shuting down
oh girl, get that baby going to bed at 7pm!
our currency is dropping like nobodies business; not a good time to be going overseas  [URL]
going to head to bed now finally...goodnight! hopefully my dreams will consist of ravishing things, such as: zachary quinto.
_l i got excited when i thought that exhibit was in sydney. but it's not
sleepy time! happy mothers' day to current and future moms around the globe!
on a day like this...
traffic backed up inbound lincoln tunnel
haavent read the paper yet about the magic loss nor did i get to watch the game last night.... but i do know that we lost
graphic design..should be making a business card..but im on twitter!
thank you all for proving my point
i'm glad that all got cleared up.  i lah you!  idk why linda hates me though..
adam lambert rocks!  he must win american idol!
yay finished my journal. gonna go sleep now. church tomorrow. yay!  don't forget it's mothers day!
eating oreos and milk
i'm gonna miss eddy if we're half the country apart
twitter is sooo quiet today
had to fix bike chain on the way to work...arrived a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather though!
i just texted you but i hope you know you are my favorite
ok twitter - show me what your all about
field day.... gt class...not winning...
morning y'all. looking forward to a nice bbq today. can everyone follow  please?
_**** it was indeed  made my life!
in a very stress mood
not for long goin for some sprints now
you're phone is off
not much blipping lately, but i'll get onto that for you.
is hot. just done some late spring cleaning! about to settle down with a book i can barely read, left my glasses at my mums
ew, i used to get 'suicides' in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too.
wish i could be there to enjoy a girls day!!!
platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs.
we'll miss you ...   those lucky edmontonians!
wow. shabu.  and now himym! really feels comforting
cleaning the house
she's hot     what is up w/ all the unknown followers? i've got quite a few- no clue as to why they're following me.
woohoo!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! lol i'm watching dora on noggin with my 2yr girl, hubs is at work
darn it. i did it again.!  keep forgetting that darn 'd' for dm's.....
listening to music...feeling kind of down
nice yo!!! live it for me buddy!
thank you good sir, it has been a surprisingly good afternoon, very productive
hey, not anymore. i'm back now.
i could have bought a vespa with the amount of money i just spent
learning how to jerk and stanky leg at sunset cliffs. headlights spotlight  with colorado and fam
you guys were absolutely amazing tonight, as always. thanks for always bringing the dance party.
[URL] -  this morning view from my back deck
@_anh hmm, tasty!  going to have curry rice with peas probably. ;)
early morning golf on a sunny day
not enjoying this cold, raininy boston day.  i think my new metal back doesn't like getting wet. ;-)
........ lala.. little girl! i love these new songs!   iï¿½ve answered u ^^ love to all you freaky twitter guys ;d
hangover today
haha @ playing fall out boy in a bar full of older people.  they's need to be educate.
in fact apparently i was your first follower, 4 before m himself. um. *embarrassed now*
is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, alice had no wine. i proposed...we're getting married next week on may 15th 2009
watching 'steel magnolias' then going to bed. i have to babysit at one tomorrow. then give mommy her gift!  night, <3 peace.love.jonas
thank you  you too! i hope this turns out to be a top week for you.
did you get fired?  *hugs*
naplan testing, tuesday, wednesday & thursday. i'm afraid about the maths one, english ,not so much
i am so bored.  my homework is done for my master's program and it's friday nite wit nutin to do.
bif doesn't come down far enough south for me
well we aren't normal then because 1. we can't drive in mexico (you have to be 18) and 2. there are no dairy queens here
i slept entirely too long on my nap, but not long enough at the same time.
found which exit to take. thanks .
thanks for the recommendation!  i was not following, am now
rest then. it's your day off!
is missing tampa
[URL] -  i meann look at what i just found lol
_dreamer wow, you still haven't gotten them?
off to dollarama -- i wish i had a new job
ouch  does picking your nose count?
tgif i don't like 12 hour workdays  i need to stand up, run around 4 a while.... too much sitting!!! plus, i have honest ade tea 2day! yay
wow, can't believe monday is here again already. i hope everyone is well today
hoping the day gets better now
my car broke down.   time to start looking at getting another.  if its not one thing its another.
just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside
:   sorry guys i have to drop out of the trip... some personal commitments..
soooo sleepy.  but gotta finish this game.  lol. gettt it cavs!  whoop whoop
boo! i can't sleep again  saying hi to random people
bout to go to bed... happy mother's day ladies .... especially all th 1s who takin care of thier kids alone..n i love u momma
once again i am looking for a new beard - it just fell out the window  any bright green ones this time?
i'm feeling better now that i have something in my tummy
juz donated books/mags 4 charity. not only do i feel good but it gave me a good workout from all that heavy lifting
1 month ahaha. and i dunno if i can go tomorrow lmao cause i went today  freakin filipino parents aha
my thumb hurts after breaking the nail....
yea, i was just about to say something  it's great to hear! ukrainian!
awww, thank you!  & you're welcome lol
you drank it on the sly, didn't you and that's why you're asking. i know how you are
with that said, i'm out til later. enjoy your day everyone!
's going to disney world, lucky ****.
i feel useless i don't know what to do right now. i'm so bored
ugh cramps  and it's hot
getting ready for my graduation party ........(id much rather be at hello marquee or dane cook)
yeah... i suppose
; i think you should come back to brisbane, australia. we loved you here
you're watching firepro0f?
time for some halo3 then?
i hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
_educator thanks. photos look great - i'll comment them asap
what i would have done with legless stillborn spaniels, no idea. but i was sad, so now, 20yrs later, strawberries = dead puppies.
hand hurts
the best bike for the best guy! i love the ducati sound. i think itï¿½s unnecessary to ask for a ride, isnï¿½****? nice vid ...
screw it goin back to bed,,ill just go tomorrow ,,,,,kinda sad
okay i'm seriously bored. i have nothing to do. i can't go out cause it's raining.
good night peeps! give to your mom's the greatest love you have   ****
john - more present than ever- even online  #edumedia09
dang! my voice wont came out! and my snots is covering all my tissues... dangit! i hate flu!
ecaytrade people who said you'd come by stuff at 6:30..where are you ? bugs me when people no-show
watching the killers on jr. they are awesome. too late though. they just cut the programme mid song. twas my favourite too.
1.tiffany is already ten minutes late 2.reading flowers in the attic 3.late breakfast at starbucks 4.listening to waking up in vegas
why did i get airbrushed ****, if soon as i put my dress on it messed it up a little...eerrrr
our weekend was also great... two friends of julia were here for four days...
just one of those days.... i pray it will get better..
hmm, okayy, im really sorry to hear about it  why do you thikn she would have done that? :s
done with classes and packing for the atlanits!! i hope miley's there
2 days after #all4web ...i'm still tired
off to study!  later guys
parts of me are starting to feel the effects of over tanning
ichigo has been good at ping&pooping outside but not used to the fact he doesn't have his sister  lonely puppy
ahh i gtg but pls help me with number 3 i'll come back later to see what u said  haha plz and thank u
is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
no i havent got mine yet, did u get yours?
today dan bought me bio dome and the reality bites soundtrack! needless to say he gets mayjah points!  also, my tummy is not happy. boo.
order pizza from the pizza girl!  we have to sing about it!  i love that new song. so excited for the new song from jb paranoid 4 days
has britney spears  songs all over his desktop now
#sanctuarysunday fav character  has to be ashley!  why? cause she's awesome
now if i still lived that way you could pop in and see me  but i don't so you can't
i want a monte cristo sandwich sooo... bad!!!
grrr, people suck. i cry when animals die on nature shows.  these people are sick. no hunting endangered species!
no clue wtf im doing
moshing to fall out boy, and confetti bears are falling from the sky
licking chocolate crumbs off a twirl wrapper like zammo on smack
i love being ignored except to be yelled at. i love my life.
demi is a super girl but she don't like the french fans
i've had the week off too...but i have biology  exams to revise for so my bones time is limited
miss you too! yes, i will  i'm usually free pag after dinner. rarely during the day. basta text text
no southland this wk
is watching bruce almighty
d'oh...forgot the ferry turns around before going. so much for sitting in the sun. and the other side deck is closed.
noooooo worst news ever today my tattoo artist is moving omg what am i going to do!?!?!?!?
_the_heck haha lol @ the english work they doo in college
i want my ben and jerrys now lol, tweet people im bored
time for work!
(that was a  btw -_-)
thanks i decided to just give up on my old hq and go with this account. scoundrels won
#liesboystell buzy this week
omg! star wars day!  may the fourth be with you everyone  this calls for me to watch at least 1 film tonight.
he didnt leave a voicemail..  -121908inlove(:
hehe true. i wonder what he will come up with
sure i would like some cream right now
here it's 3:34  a.m. and i'm at home, after a night in a pub
it's easy.....just turn your keyboard upside down
that was an amazing concert!!! got some really good video and pictures
what kind of coach would i be if i didn't read all your tweets?    still waiting on an non-dried afro picture.
everyone has left me and gone to bed
what a meeting... yay more work for me
- it's time for kathleen to go to bed... waaaaay past time. don't expect to hear from me before noon. lol  have a blessed morning.
_beckwith it cant be that good if your twittering instead of watching it  ****
_joyner and he can't even tell me.  me and him are **** done, professionally. ****' ****.
misses her phone... having no service sucks
im so **** proud of you
is at work  ohwell need money so : d
holy ****. where did all my time go? =/ gta4 has sucked away my life.. and wasted a whole week! ...i wish i had more self control
we watched the today show(: we didnt see you though
pub crawling through ne pdx
my cat died of kidney failure during my math test  this day needs to get better.
waaaaaaaa they kicked us out of the bank. getting it until monday  omg chilito
is going to be in cincinnati all day sunday...visitin' with an old friend/brother from korea, then a date with someone special
just got home from stacey's lovely wedding
probably going to miss silverstone's race again this season in iracing , so sad   this track is pure laser scanned awesomeness
i couldn't eat all my nuggets  finish them for me.
it's friday... but its only friday morning. ugh.
linda ~ what do you mean by your last post??  it doesn't sound good
working, my 4-day weekend is over, aah well another one coming in 2 weeks
thanks, i couldn't find a way around it on itunes though, found a little app called switch that did the job nicely
hi lyndon - if you get this before 4pm monday 11 may - i have mail for you from  via tasmania. dm me
haha kk tell me when u remember
ordering pizzas, watching diggnation, trying out tweetdeck. all is good
hehe
i'm sorry you're not having the best day - neither am i though  are you working tonight??
at homee..boring but its okiee gonna see the boyfriend and his momma tomorrow for momma dayy
awww it's still not the same  i'm going to have a look though.
eating at zippys with candace!
nope  but the t1i looks super sweet!
is watching two + a half men, work experience again tomorrow
just dropped my new mobile down the loo.  fingers crossed it works as i still have 17.5mths left on the contract
can't wait to come home! i miss my bubba. too bad my parents are taking him to canada.
george b shaw apparently wrote 2000 words a day. sure practice works- the more you do the more it comes as 2nd nature
i can understand!
ahh that's fun  i had work last night, a party after, went to the movies today to see wolverine. was a good weekend
i've been dead the past 2 days...the flu sucks
dont make me sad... i do agree tho it does need some more of sa's magical lyrics
here comes the sun, here comes the sun, and i say it's all right
woot! favourtie, well second favourite episode just came on tow ross and rachel ... you know
looks to be a great morning already!
haha  thanks!
at la fitness, at work right now.....pretty busy morning
omg   i found it  thnx
for the gays i only made 200 tonight
rest in peace marshall
my life is so exhilerating  family kingdom is such a good summer sport!!! and so is swimming in the ocean at night with kristin
we are all so proud of you! i am seriously thinking of joining you next year. got to get training
i'm not going to lie, i'm loving the ace of cakes  wooop! lost!
morrissey will cure you  i am jealous. but not in a slash your tyres way just in a hope you enjoy it wish i cuold go way
haha. i just won a $1000 bet. i settled for $100.  not bad.
thinking about con law, fighting a headache, & paying bills...
good morning and thanks for the retweet
leather jackets=uncomfortable....not my thing
we all need that simple reminder-thx!
is  happy  cause  my  voice  is  back  <3
kill me now i'm so sick    n it's friday night!!
i guess i'll do both since i cant really decide which one to choose
playing pet society
something like that
think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!
lol i sed want to not ach dress up for no reason. pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee im bored.  lol
oh lovely - that is one thing mum's are great at!! sounds yummy!  you are makin me hungry here! lol :-p
good night everybody, i love u phillip! xo
yes, i'm originally from argentina. and very 'mystic' about that  ...ï¿½ bientï¿½t de te lire quincy!
oh man !! i was going to connect my old school nintendo to play mario games. and is not in the bag i gotta search for it.
idiotat)tove_liden th*nks for the follow tove!  (ddoodm) #idiot
did you get your free chocolate?!? i still haven't gotten my email.
cool thanks for the response.  i'll check out that firefox!
good morning sunshine. sleepytown is sleepy.
yeah it's the ford focus titanium, you only get the helicopter add on with the top-end luxury models unfortunately
i've worked my finger tips bare today coding. but we got there.
i need to be sleeping.. but i'm not even tired..
hehe. yeah, me too.  or i would totally write it. xd
sgt. hughes has bacteria meningitis  so i disinfected our female latrine and im writing an essay on meningitis for sgt. ski....
... and that includes the chota-chota stuff released by reflexie arcade too!
my followers went from 22 to 20  i'd follow you back but i cant do anything till i get interwebnet! i want more followers. im interesting!
dammit! lets have a private session
photo: great night.  [URL]
_bba ooh, nice  well i guess not nice at the moment, being windy and rainy. but i like rain
but i love your haaaaair!
awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far
i think i'm about to break my own heart. (as emo as that sounds)... meh.
i need to play infamous... where's a free blockbuster rental coupon when you need one? i miss that coke reward
sickkkk  ....and i need 11/20--now.
.. i am going to fail my art final. fml. this was by far the worst semester of my life school wise- otherwise it was the best
somehow my alarm became an hour fast and i came to realize it as i was leaving the house.. it feels good having an early start
seriously. i dont like girls.
this is fun !  haha re guy from all american rejects looks like he's on crack!!
time to wind down and relax a little.  i can only change the world a little through twitter each evening.  the rest will be up to others.
we don't have either of those here.
hahaha. i'm driving, so i leave roundabouts when i wake up tomorrow. arrive proximately 5 hrs from then.  see ya tmw!
naw...i'll keep you in. turns out you have the odd nugget of wisdom.
man.....i'm at a loss for words.....looks like i'ma get an unexpected graduation gift.....in a good way
just watched mall cop. wasn't that funny, but wasn't too bad. i guess. i kinda wish i still worked at a movie theater....
booo. finally i could get back on here. my internet went out
goodnight lolsz
well gracias  haha and why is that? the plays?
that sounds like the scariest zombie dream ever.
where is  ???
see you october! love the new book, when's the next one out?
lolol.. i think it's funny that about 190 people think you're lieing about being 'the real john barrowman'
thanks darling girl   ****
: experiencing the unique #winnipeg tradition known as 'the social'. trying to pace myself.
i miss my daddy
stranded @ delhi airport  flight delayed
hey dude who turned down a flyer, you're a poser and not nice
came back from bishopstorford! went to my aunt's wedding party by the way. it was fun! i got to see my cousins again after about 3 years
i must be the only fool in twitterland that doesn't get retweet!!  #sadsville
presentation went well  yes, i also met a buch of cool people. checked your portfolio, nice work/details in the projects.
except the fact that it's been raining since wednesday, and not supposed to stop till monday. ew.
fb is boring   and i wanna sing right now..! *-*
back home.  preheatin' oven before popping in a pizza
u guys are soo unfair smh...
i have no one to go to the spring show with
i'm considering buying one of these. hence the 'monk' look   [URL]
just 3 days left for the offf 2009 [URL] in oeiras portugal... see you there
no idea offhand, but if you keep tweeting about crowdsourcing graphics i'm sure someone will tell you
writing out to tape.  #48hoursnz
feelin a little blue tonight.. love might be good
everything is good except that neck shot and steve's back of the head shots!
got firefox working again. now i just have to get back all of my bookmarks...
_nickj07 um....nicks voice,smile,eyes,laugh,and hes a great rolemodel
dear  a)stop snoring and b) move from the middle of the bed, please.
nothing to do tonight.
on my way to the burial
feeling any better hon?
spendin time with ant before he's gone for the night
yahoo! volleyball, hiking, eating a fish eye, witnessing, sleeping on the beach, jumping rocks, & hanging where jurassic park was filmed!
after 42 hours of not sleeping it is time for bed. alaska-so far so good
watching nemecek go on her computer, fun!  lol i keed!  norms was fun
the party has to be moved to next weekend  ..stupid weather.
yes it's herrrrr.  dude, i'm gonna **** cry.
aww my son gave me a purple g shock for mother's day
is listening to prima j - rockstar so dang catchyy
why thankyou  _garner suggested fannie bay (but it is in darwin)
well i miss her i think she would really like it  re:trina
presenting today...hope it leads to the ability to move up one day
#avatarcamp photos, perhaps?  lol (just itching to see them!)
not feelin so hot
_mejer i couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. i lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway.
ohh emmm geee. souvlaki from dimitris...i wanna go homeeee  lol
i spent an hour this morning going through yearbooks to see when each senior started to harleton. my speech will be so boring.
is off to work
mobile phone check-in? another fail! american's service came close, but crashed at the gate. i'm now 0 for 3.
last day i'm la. i am so so sad
oops i did it again...really shouldnt have.
will continue my dramathon! episode 14 here i come!
college cops: they get suspicious when they see more than one person in a group together.
im feeling so nostalgic. im sad. but happy. i don't now how to feel. it's over, but not at the same time. it just feels over.  i love you.
i do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk.
yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring & eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw.
i suppose it has a certain 80's charm. i'd personally hold out for the motorola 8 track phone. i like my phones chunky
what do you mean jorx?
i hope they re-run this nerdprom later-  sounds like they're having lots of fun.  thanks all for the play-by-play
in my room its too **** warm! windows open but im still cooking !
good morning! aww, sorry that you were stuck in the airport for 12 hours!!
yeah, i should at least try myself.  have a good night & visit with the chiro tmrw!
up was sooo gooooood. wood ranch bbq time! dian deng pao.
i wish i could of been at commencement this yr  i wonder if they're really going to protest.
never part of these follow fridays
heard you slutted it up! i'm totally jealz~ i missed it. maybe next time!
poor buddy, being teased by mini puggy  i think what you need is a #pughug
you don't have to rub it in.
not married any more! silly man! that was done long ago, you do read my tweets! barely escaped w/out paying him alimony!
i can't wait! its most definately going to be amazing.  <3 michelle
reminising on such a wonderful day yesterday with my family and my love.  nothing like shooting some basketball with the men in my life
guess its a no go girlie. i'm still at the gym and work at 6:30am
**** - doesn't show how people are more conservative in blackjack
operation mischevious (pinwheel) to commence in 25 min... lol  waiting on ed to show up
****... long shift tonight... i really should sleep but i'm not tired. had a nice talk with jon after work  gotta love that boy!
is actually workin the weekend...not for it
wish i didnt have to go to work tonight
hey dude im finishing my lullaby  dude i saw a pic of you w/ long hair umm lets just say keep it short ha
weekend is going great  yours?
oh no
sad face moment of the day
@ 5 happiness (chinese) totally disappointed  the food is usually good *fail*
this is my second to last biology and the first time that i have ever been on time. haha.
had cold rock, choc mint+bubblegum+cookie+flake+nerds= yum!!!! xd .  had a fun day.
i'm not posh enough to read tatler
right. coursework now. promise
great album..lucky to have this on vinyl.  ? [URL]
i'm just a couple bus stops away from an lc, but i didn't realize that until about a month or so ago
_j heehee. i love you! i am tired.
wish i was at sri panwa now
phone with kayla, johnathan, and cisco!  woo!
i'm christine and i'm a friggin' shopaholic. check out my new coat  had to promise someone i wouldn't spend for 2 weeks after buying this
after pub lunch am now going to daughters for tea life is good
sorry i didn't message you yet... i couldn't get my thoughts straight. but tomorrow i'll try  goodnight
right. but iï¿½m a stickler for correct dpi export and color value  iï¿½m going to dig in and find out if this is possible
thanks for reading my blog. and for laughing at my perils and tragedies! ****cries****
ps- are you a doctor or swine flu paranoid??
lost luggage? sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: [URL]
@ ember with dante... i have so much fun with him  can i smile any harder...
no churchill downs for me tomorrow
sitting in katies house with jo, the other two are away doing stuff, and i have swine flu  and bronchitis but thats a diff story.
*hugs* im glad you got to spend time with your mom.  if your free tonight drop by for some spaghetti
today i was so happy got i got off school early, but now i'm bored!!
had a nice concert yesterday. nice location, nice people, it was great. but i have a bad cold since yesterday night  being sick sucks!
ouch, my back. man i'm sick
major fail. since you asked
aw, that's cute
*hugs*
im soo happy kellz is back from tn, we bout hang out  all the time
oh my. i have to play cluedo.
friday and it's raining
i love you,i love you,i love you -you're the most beautiful and sweet girl ever.
_ho naw; it was before the 15 mins bug (where tanks would stop spawning after 15 mins)  i'm glad i get to keep it
you have a dm amigui
no food since woke up.
trying to win tickets! com'on dc101...
just got home lng.
missing you all deeply
yay for bank holidays
i'm sending a happy mama's day shout to the greatest twit-mama ever to ... u kick ****, all day - everyday! lovely sons!!
ahh seen a few of those drop, but i just tossed them thinking it was a once only turn in
i don't like waiting
it was the best evar & my first,, you didnt awnser any of my questions  xoxo
two months from today till i'm mrs. josiah!! ahhhh!
hey, maria! i'm so sorry!  i think i accidentally disconnected you.     thank you so much for trying. headed to your site soon.
is cute
boo for all the season finales..
ahhh!  i knowww! i saw it may 5th and 6th in newcastle and it was so good!!! i'm soo excited for 6th june, as its my bday aswell!
taking the dog on a walk..the weather is perfect rite now  _p sucks becuz she didn't come with me hahaha
maaaan... it is way too nice outside to be in here working.
is going out in the rain
_ming  me is gg for summer sch though.. not attachment... yan can go see the blog. check my msn or ask kinny
i wish i could have a pole, we got no space for it  maybe i should throw out some furniture and get a pole
good morning sunshine   tiime for $chooool ! lol . bbl'
oh thas cool  you know, i only kinda knew bouts you cuz of ericson haha when you guys were together x)
i didn't get to chat!   .  oh well.  time to eat a praline.
bit devastated that i lost my entire documents folder on my home computer.
i may be in the us for it in which case i'll attend but if its off my own back i can't afford to go
i have tickets worth about 70 kd - about 880 derham - for ta'3yeem my car's window
next time you are around please let me and  know and we will take you for lunch too
**** im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me
lol omg  replied back to me out of all ppl!! thx
loved britain's got talent last night!  shaun and greg were both amazing!  were they hot too..can't say i noticed?!!
it's well good!!
hi i'm goin to see you on wednesay at shepards bush
hahah me too!! except for when haley gets hit by a car  but yay leyton!
i love catching people singing in their cars. even better if they're dancing
it's official, i'm finally getting grey hairs at 36  #fb
break from packing. watching the office  pam: 'i had just woken up. i didn't look cute. that's how i knew he meant it.'
we have two small dogs, good to hear that center parcs wd take them. cruising to new york on the queen mary 2, real treat
'i only think of you as breaking my heart, i'm trying to keep it together but i'm falling apart.'
frustrated. i just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no tkd test 4 me i guess  good thing i'm married to the instructor
that's a whole lot of rainstorm goin' on.  maybe i won't go out tonight...
its sunny atm, need to drop my brother for his classes later, so will find out then
see i told you  i'm updating my personal site with lots of goodies check them out as they come [URL]
busy exam week coming up! always look on the bright side of life  *whistle*
hahahahah i woke up at 9 today.. totally missed lecture and the quiz  open lab was useless. chipotle w/ silvera and jenny was greeat 8d
heading off to schoool. going to have a good day. i just knoww...
went to the vending maching to get bugles. no bugles  perhaps it is a sign that i don't need the snack anyway.
i completely forgot it was mothersday today.. lol  happy mothersday to all of you beautiful mums out there!
poor johnny is sick   looks like he'll be going to the vet tomorrow
i want a fake blt....
there is no sale in botega...
happy mother's day
i am going to work than, ill be home, and im going to look for my camera since it must be lost in my house. everyone have a wonderful day
i wasn't going to go out tonight but looks like i'll be heading over to main street
just called me a cheeseburglar. he made me sad
thanks  your my first lol
_taff_jones  oh and...nevar use kde it is made of fail!
i don't know !!
1 pm...
trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone
got caught in the rain outside. now im cold bbbbrrrrrrrrr
i gave my brother a hug good-bye.. as he took a load of furniture away from the house. he took the mattress i like
_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh.
round two of vega: vanilla chai flavor.  just realized that i have only 45 days left
indeed. thanks for sharing that! now i can go to sleep giggling. night!
follow her shes lonelyyyy
home from the mall  & got mommy's gift for tomrrow
- guess potus will be able to do more digging & folo up on the ss nomination. he's in a good pos 2 do that,
ugh... i definitely speak too soon...
@_erica yea, its tough to keep it going. sometimes i'm not sure its worth it.
i'm completely exhausted thanks to yesterday.  can i go home yet?
cleaning time
that happened to me so often, i hated it. every time i moved to a username that i thought i'd love, i moved soon after.
morning  hope u r well.. i'm off to bed soon!
going to bed happy mothers day people
yes, he's really back!: i couldn't wait for this day to arrive and finally it's here! gale is back!!!  i'm pos.. [URL]
. you left me first .. and left your bed here for me to look at
ugh my trousers do that too and i've never found a way to combat it! it's so weird
my ex-colleagues from shaanxi kept boasting of their native noodles. so i'm really curious about shaanxi food.
ooooo i love pretty feet
can't chat with  since i have to go to school now  [URL]
he thinks he's a gangsterrr  his **** don't even fit in g unit. & i know :| )))))
im 20 - believe me, i've tried! i'm just too ginger! freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ...
it'll probably come out like i'm drunk or something...i'll be so nervous!! lol...thats why we will be there to help eachother
doing more uni assignments
yeah ill be on verizon... so those are my two options right now...
i wish my drems could come true
love your show  !
time to go swimming in the freezing water at kalies. yeah!
yeah  and _liljess_x did only ones that care for me
thanks!  i am doing good... did you read any of my blog posts?
**** i got a **** of hw to do 2nite
3 tweeets {:    fgs tweekdeckkk hates me  -cryyyy
someone stole my new laptop at the airport. haven't even used it. guess the us economy is breeding a new set of 'opportinists'
i scare you? no!
heh, i meant differences between b3 and b4
loving mondays for so many reasons!
any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight
_nicole [URL] - i have the exact same pic except it's my hubby & my chihuahua tucker   very cute.
_sko next time just go online and show the club owner an ean golden video, hahaha...  (i am fan, did i mention that?! )
well if you actually went and got your drivers license you wouldn't have to worry about the bus being ****, haha.
i left a chocolate egg sitting in my office, and now it's calling my name......................
todays weigh in....  only lost 1/2 pound this week :o depressing
living quite so close to raf boulmer that might not be a good thing
too bad we're in sweden where up isn't up on the theaters  here until october
gotta love skype! make sure you get their new update!
ohhh french tip! my fave, my nails aren't long enough yet tho  ill ask the manicurist
has the greatest friends in the entire world
*whew* ok good.i really don't want that too happen. all my friends loved it. can't wait to talk about it monday in class.
boooo animal collective is already sold out.  guess i'll be missing that show
ah . thanks .. appreciate it
we just crossed into the golden state, its nice being home
peace & quiet.  enjoy it while it lasts!
my dark knight dvd is missing   i'm pissed
not helping!
got tickets for your gig in glasgow, gutted we have to wait til november though
i saw slater on some mtv show, so you think you wanna dance with slater or some **** like that. where's kelly kapowski
i'll have to watch it soon then!  an i love, new york? sweet! i'll be on the lookout for that.
i woke up with a sore throat  work tonight. grad practice in the morning, hanging with family, then graduating from high school
i am blessed beyond measure
i have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and i have no messages!
dad's retelling his saskatoon m&g story, love hearing what the guys said to him  i never heard any of it
gettin check outta school cause im siccck. goin to pick up jimbbbbo.
i agree  pre decided i think...
hope you get to spend the weekend at home.
_buns awesome! thank you
i found out thro mama
anytime buddy  i c u @ 701!
just did my bit to stimulate the economy
dans public transport again and have decided it's just everything north of london that's utter **** these southern trains are alright
happy mothers day to all those special moms out there.... i luv u mommy!!
happy belated birthday to billy!! i forgot to say that on his bday.  i  feel aweful!
we picked up boston legal season 5, enjoying it now.  no matter how offensive denny can be, i love denny crane!  he is a riot.
is soooo over school...maybe sick..all week *evil laugh*
chillaxing really  yeah man hehe
#vancouver gets tough with slum landlords..ew backed up sewage   [URL] [URL]
rest well!
awake, no migrane (yey) but tummy is hurting, evil ibs
what happened to the warm?  i will commence pouting until it returns readysetgo
i got stung. by a bee.
sitting at home watching atl for the 2 time todayy  waiting for jess to come at like 630 then go get marg and head out later to second sat
im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
i'll try but silly silly tweetdeck being mean to me again
[URL] - morning world. #healthyliving update. weight this morning 82.1kg (12st 12lbs) going in right direction
they actually use standard speaker wire between them too, with standard terminals, so no soldering involved or anything.
oh what a night love me some aces
gaah rain for tomorrow
still working
i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday
what was it? i missed it.
i mailed  for some help, you got reply right now from him, i didn't get, which should probly mean i won't get it
i knew something was wrong with this guy.  now it's been confirmed!  thanks for the pic!
_is_here oh hun, i'm sorry... out of everything you've been through, the last thing you deserve is to be unhappy at home..
ugh! poor beautiful girl. went in for new tires and inspection sticker. now there's a $590 repair and still no tires.
it's so awesome to know that there are people who think i have what it takes to make it in nashville, and who offer to help if i want it.
t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request
you and your yuotube links.  denied at work.
is cheering on the arsenal ladies!!    and missing my m...x
back to work today but i don't even mind.
god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing...  and addicting
it's happy star wars day, lol.  may the force be strong with you all.
hd full again...  [URL]
good morning guys!  dont forget: today is mothers day! mommy? i love you ! youï¿½re the best <3
that story reminds of living in portugal
: probably not  i want to go home
dimples was in the preview... are they not on today?  it hasn't aired here yet... via [URL]
i love your music  especially the fight, thats a awsome song by far !
all the best with the cup final today. have fun
does not feel good at all today
missing his voice
i am uce, i did my pgce there   went to leicester for my main degree though ...
ur linky no worky
will be lonely for 4 days because  will be in baguio.   [URL]
i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
(cont.) small children are not puppies. and cleche sarcasm is so annoying. bcreative, but then again, that's too harrd
phones about to die  ttfn!
r-t  30 cool things for successful entrepreneurs to do - [URL] - please share
going lay down, i'll get up officially @ 1! yes 1! lol good(night) again!
_langley hi guys! guess who has twitter on her phone now? me!
time to go to bed... and hopefully wake up to a better day  niiiiiiiights yall
woo exams nxt wk
[URL] - the stolen purse -- when it was new from the store...see tags still on it
i would of won that contest if i weren't to have chickened out
btw , , , and , i ordered some of yer merch yesterday.!  <33333333333
awwwww i'm such a scifi geek and starwars is the ten commandments for us geeks!!
i dont get it
back from the city... breakfast time
happy mothers day to all the mommies
girl a blunt is soooooooo in my thoughts right now. i had an absolutly great day with a few stressors...come home
**** **** and blast!  i'm at lmhr tomorrow and sam out   who is running it?  i could see if she could join next week?
[URL] - r.i.p fristy just thinking abt her
one thing is good enough for me. friendship retained!
yep trying to beat the cold winter. morning swim is always refreshing~ good start of day
okay, now i'm listening to jonathan coulton and working. woo.
i can't find my tennis racket!!
dual reject ...  [URL]
you are not old!!! you're  just comfy! like worn in sweats! said with all the love my sarcastic heart can muster....
_fam lol it's coming up too  probably mid june early julyish???
is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today!!! happy times
so sleepy again and it's not even that late. i fail once again.
just finished my english final...just one step closer to the end.
i'm feeling great!
joe: 2.30pm kevin pics up a new pair of pjs :') pmsl i could have died!!! lmfaoo :') i miss my boys
heyyy you  lol wassup mamas?
awlll mann  we should meet up this summa or something!
and what's your blog entry about?
what's wrong?  maybe i can help?
is chilling at home
no santa cruz for me  but i do have an interview at jamba tomorrow morning (:
in the mood to listen to some reg stuff  (sir told me: u used to be a huge fan of mine but now it seems you've forgotten my songs!!!) )
aaaaaaaaaaa mcfly
bitten to blood by my cat, on my way for a rabies bacterin. seems 7 shots for 2 months. never wash my cats at home again, they hate water
goodnight lovely
another two hours of work. ugh. it goes by so slow. and im sore
bowling with cousins  awesome
[URL] - gotta a show on monday at 9.... hopefully my head will be better by then....
i miss yoooouuuu!!!!
hey mary! this is my twitter  (karishmaa1) luvv youu ?
u said u was gonna follow  its nita from ur live chat
would like a hug and a kiss from eric. long distances really really stink
this is not fair... bath again....
pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing i wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
i shall annoyingly tweet at you tomorrow.
aww, no one's on msn
i feel almost empty inside today.  not a good feeling.
schade  #tv_addict
i dont feel good! sick to my stomach
loves the way the sky looks now i.e. no cloud at all.  but that would only mean that it's ultra hot outside.... [URL]
my husband wears the same shirt all the time, think you can send some of that this way??
how could you go to cali without me??? i'm sad.
would love to hear all of this from a nokia perspective...
_liv_lyf good to hear! just in time for the weekend. i'll be working though
has sent ben off to do the weekly shop  woo! xxxxx
not by choice.  i have to use it for that one project that never ends!
it wouldn't let me download it cos it said i'm the uk. i had a little cry.
making shell join twitter so i have a follower
umm. what do we have here? apple pie, check. cupcakes, check. green tea, check. coffee, check. then we're ready for tea time
um. why can't i write **** tonight? i like ****. i want to write ****. yet, nothing. no ****.
has now found a bug in the rhel5 bnx2 driver   cant handle high packets per second (> 50k)
you mum sounds so humble ! what a sweet thing to ask for
getting ready 2 leave 2 a girl scout metting..don't feel like it but i have 2.....
u already took da pic with out me
i met one of the nerdiest servers at chili's today lol... he was awesome and i was his favorite
yeh i suppose, but its not the same you know? to me henry isn't really a gunner any more
surely you knew this before hand? a good book or a hand held has to be essential. just no psps unless you have a charger.
yeah, it's all teased up into this boofy bit...i'm buying red hair extensions btw
the eagles make saturday nights so much better.
gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired.
inspite of the spams.. i can't stop losing this twittergadget. i love twitting from gmail
is off to body power expo! thanks to mike at performance network for the free tix!
thank you  ****
happy mother's day everyone!
scratch that. now we're watching 'marley and me'. thinking i could stay awake better for this one.
are you shattered after that long week?  thats a pity about tomorrow night
just played volleyball?
1.2 mile run and 450 meter swim, things are looking better and better... laying off the bike today
_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the end, shes embarrased and i think it just got outta hand a bit poor girl  ****
my tweet is on cheaptweet.  you wanna vote for me  [URL]
forgot she had a twitter account.    happy mother's day!
yay, a live demo of rhodes. loving this more and more  #euruko
hahahaha your watching 106 too... i miss oceans 10...
awww no. you're not ugly.
i love it as well!
so my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain't so lucky. lost an earring. now the chain broke on pendant
there was like no1 there n tha dj comp was hella wack... no gud djs  but got in free so its all gud
wow, i see a mr.b obsession in you!!
lol. academy-ish. haha. i really really miss o.b.
_marie stick with me kidd...you'll be alright (there's a whole sketchy world out there waiting to be taken advantage of
yippee! happy birthday to me
ugh... only 1 3/4th hour and i will be 19...
sounds like a perfect way to spend a sunday evening. enjoy
hi  im better... drinking hot tea with honey ^^ ... thanks... take care plis
a movie's worst fate used to be 'straight to dvd'. now it is 'straight to divx' or 'straight to internet'
ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work
off work, trying to relax for about 30 mins before i've gotta go back to sleep
yeah, i was wasting my time  fail
happy sunday, beautiful day in london... off to meet chergo for breakfast  ****
it is on environmental studies and driving me mental
i know so lame
you can find more info on getonu2.com we hope to launch the project this week. then we'll really need some help to release it!
bored.  would love someone to talk to.
yes, i do  but why did you change?
lappytop baterrry dying,tryingtofind a movieto watch since im staying in.  and goingto my room.
getting some dms asking where i fell off to the past few days  i was sick, but am all better now. i appreciate the concern! game on!
i noo  i went to the zoo instead lol!! ru goin out 2night??? ****
collabro w/jphlip called 'california' was another hot one.
happy mothers day to all the mothers, grandmothers, furbaby mommies, etc!  heading out for breakfast with my mom shortly
i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long.
i cannot sleep due to watching uktv food. its keeps my cravings at bay. i think my bodies guna ache tomro
guessing... ran 4 miles & gym? superman you  oxox
just made breakfast for her mom
was outside playing ball with dogs, now all hot and sweaty
finally, holiday.
my school is like the only one thats not on vacation.
if he did, he would say hi.
*is bad ****...he still is
wants to game tonight with her friends
okay. i'm all out of ideas
haha, its cos one of your 'tweets' was smile smile smile, so i quoted the boys in reply
mothers day isnt until the 31th here in sweden.but thnx for the pm's
listening to the online radio; oldies
our plane had landed!! finally gonna get to board...an hour late.  stupid rain!!!
if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???
i was seeing only one side of it, but it looked interesting.  and deep.
will we see you guys in the philippines?  that would be the coolest thing ever! always wanted to go to one of your concerts!
yeah, i'm getting ready to go get pizza. then nothing to do  maybe _2gnt will want to play xbox.
what's good about working a double?...jasmin
cleaned the screen on my new pc dos machine and took another 'screenshot'  [URL]
on a brighter note.. still at work at 6:15 on friday working on other peoples problems...  oh man. i'm so eating pizza tonight. hoorah!
i know.. i suck.. i'm a master procrastinator  ... you guys don't have too much fun without me
favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts
my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together
girl, when you crash, it may last for 2 days
aww im sorry im home now hope your ok  i love ya wifey <3 ****
disneyland was a blast yesterday now back to work
ohh.. #twpp is falling silent..  i was waiting to track ur us version.. next time maybe.. btw sunny california sounds good
of course i would
ur going 2 get tired of hearing from me, but i just saw a preview of ur movie year one, and you were in it.  how funny. yeah!
is a loser;) baha, dude! i'm gonna come & put those pictures on my myspace really quick!
spending a 'girly' day wif my four big sisters! shopping. pedicures and dyeing eachother's hair. ohh yeah
i tried 2 vote 4 u the other day but i couldn't figure out how 2 do it  help? lol
_caine i saw it, it made me sad
oh well, there go my hopes for seamless transfer of blog  however i am now on track and will have it up and running sometime this eve
hi there! nice to meet you
_kearley that's twitter for you.
burnt the **** out of my hand today.
**** **** **** ****,  please comment me back  ily
i'm not even in your situation and now i'm sad. i'm sorry, that's really sucky.
thanks for the link love yesterday by the way
i'm so sleep deprived but it's to hot to sleep.
new golf vi tsi 160hp is fast!
is done painting all the bedroom furniture, i still have to do the table but it will wait until after the move. uggh moving in the heat
i really need to lose weight. anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy?
thank you for the link! it explains a lot! and i'm glad you're feeling good! i've a friend coming tomorrow. will be fun!
can't believe how gorgeous the weather has been today & i've had to spend it at work!
morning, that's not mean, that's just smart
_ci ewww poor you  wish you all the best! thank god there is rolland garros this month isn't?! ;p
in toronto  waiting for you!!! 48 days to go!
wants cookie
happy birthday!!!!!
just five more days. five more long days. ahh!
happy mother's day to all the mama's out there, be greatful and appreciate your mama
i must agree i do like blackberries!
the gray hat python book reminded me how many security tools are python version specific, which is a pain if you need to use all of them
a pink balloon for mum on her day
it's friday! trying to find something to do
yes, i'm the only stupid girl of my kind!!
that sucks - i'm still hungry and sucked down my food.
yesh. lawl
i dedicated today to mothers day videos because without moms (and dads) we wouldn't be here tweeting.
feeling madly sorry for myself... - ï¿½iï¿½m seck d= make me feel better  i should be going to a fashion show... [URL]
@ work again
holy **** it's super sunny, friday and whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. wish i was in the park  [URL]
can't gauge the time of day in my office anymore... it's worse than a friggin' casino in here... no waitresses, smoking, or booze
on my way home...then sleep! seeing amber pacific tomorow with the besties
its from all that **** ****, i forgot the lube. ****  may need to go to the e.r.
about to get crazy
saw the new star trek movie yesterday 'twas  very good. having a quiet day today - off to the gym then for lunch
oh, you poor thing!!    so sorry, babe....
and now the crazy is all gone.
found a pack of united red carpet club booze vouchers. anyone wanting to have quite a few drinks there, come with me as it appears
night night everyone.    happy mothers day to all mothers
great. more rain
how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad
sore throat coming,and recording about to start for new citipointe ep album! argghhh!!!  prayers needed
i was awake until 12:45am then my mum turned the internet off so i couldnt watch the  live chat i was ccrying i was sad
so jealous
bring me food before you go please.
hi frenchie *-* i'll do that...later  :p
is not too hot and not to cold
you rock my socks off! sorry you have to go to bfe maryland.
a huge spider just crawled past me.  huge.
oh no! so sorry about your pets..
heh, you seem to have a complex about your iphone jealousy. this self-denial is harmful! just let it out.
computer is packed away. there goes my life. right into a cardboard box.
dont ya know? people love the human society
i am so tired!
i'm sure you're sleeping, but you'll have to tell me your favorite part tomorrow. i laughed pretty much the whole time.
thanks to:      new followers!
sitting in mels house, just finished eating mcdicks, laughing at all the dumb stuff i said tonight!! ready for bed? i think so
no i haven't had chance to watch that yet...going to have to get hold of it.   thanks for the tip.
hahaha i was like :o dougie thats harsh!!! are you happy he replied?
i am sooooo happy! finally, kean cipriano replied to my chat messages. i hope he's not fake.
loving the weather this weekend, shame i'm back into work tomorrow
downtown was fun tonight  the walk back to the car was rediculous lol
going to die from study overload this weekend. too much homework, with paying work to interrupt! i'm screwed
well what about tomorrow? i miss you
happy mothers day @ my mum  (also to my sis  and my 'mum' jess, ahah)
_leslie i love the video!! you are inspiration mr. leslie, can't wait for the new album still rocking the debut.
_rex_513 i'm working all weekend
: love the song 'together'. that's 'his' song for me...well i think it's still is
book now & save:summer 2009 * the amazones village suites****-crete-greece! the best place to be!
omfg this test is a joke.
sitting at home being bored.......
, a 74 is not 'quite alright'!  on the plus side, i ate cinnamin toast crunch for breakfast, and am now eating strawberries.
where's my happiness?
i love mandy moore so much  and also angela
boring. sunny monday. no school. tired. lazy. hungry. yeah, in a great mood!
wake up **** but tired. on this moment i listing some music for make me happy and let me wake up
being surrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing **** music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind
may the forth be with you... ha yes... today is my birthday  star wars day... aren't i lucky you star wars fans?
thanks  i'm holding my mini laser light thingy lol. how are u?
so windows livewriter's accessible? guess that answers that.
_butler i think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt
_kryptik the usual... applications, checking statuses, reading stuff that's ... wel... not arbit  etc
i miss going to ek every summer & christmas vaca  take me there!
oh really? why hello there
happy b-day to lina  haha, your birthdaypresent to me would be to comment on the new video ;) [URL]
i'm just starting it brinn, guess what?? i get my laptop back  but i can't use the messenger, hate it.
change of plans. won't be seeing up today.
all my pancakes always end up soggy.
lots of confusions i've at my work place..
lol, i know how you feel, but with 4 kids and my current work load, i am maxed out with no time to grow things.
: i'll be in heerlen on sunday but you won't be there, right?
woot freaking hoo, tho mad world isn't doing well on the itunes top #100 chart.
all in all, a good weekend
yer, oh that's **** cause u hell need to post more haha so we can talk
it figures. it starts raining as i am freed from work
u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair....
hï¿½rlich!
mondays aren't so bad when they are this sunny  #fb
well this is just lovely.  i am completely flattened by a back injury.  there goes the weekend.
waching gray's antomy
writing mother's day cards for my mom and gran...  hurray!
in cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. my arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies
sad that gmail chat has died, so i can't help
1:36 am screw it im going to bed... one love
no way man! i like 21 year olds
_aureole oh my gosh, so cute!!!
swimming party at my brothers tonight. i had an awesome time.  since when am i a sissy about cold water?  who am i?    loved today!!!
chinese lunch buffet: $4.50 - add a soda $1.25 - noticing the health inspection score of 81 as i walk out with my bag, priceless .....
new to twitter
hmm, $25 to see the decemberists, but i have to go to raleigh on a work night... or $95 for cheap seats to the bolshoi? probably neither
morning! i'm in the garden getting air
out enjoying the weather before i have to go to work.. last shift with
yeah but they had to come barcelona, because not all the fans can be in that concert  come barcelona! jessi te quiero
hi everybody! sorry for the long listening. iwas too busy.
gut
toasting what seems to be 100 waffles for the 4 farmer kids. they sure eat a lot.
sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers
i'd love to, but i'm all the way in india.
the happiest place on earth  j'adore
oh dear, i'm being followed by someone that claims to help you stay young  the end is nigh
sleep? what's sleep again? i've seem to have forgottten the meaning. too much on my mind. or it's just my usual insonmia.
i have yet to even get out to play this year  soon i hope!
bing! no its not chandler bing, its the new search engine from microsoft [URL] ..but why the name bing
just had mothers day lunch here  [URL]
awwww i cried...makes me cry  i love joey!
i agree. i missed a lot while i was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place
off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today!
doing the andy dance  the one on fonzie gomez show ;) haha
happy mother's day and to the god mother's and step mother's too....
watching the pianist with my dad great movie.
lmao - that would have taken me at least a week!
hubz company was organising ...i had to be there!
ah man, that's sucks.  what happened to it that's prompting a reinstall?
doing my english essay (on r&j...wtf) that i should have done a long time ago when it was assigned last thursday
obama last night: 'most of you covered me, all of you voted for me. apologies to the fox table.'       [URL]
i love the new hairdo! haha, and i live in ny too, so yeah it was really hott!
how to get a $40 trumpet book - get caught in the rain with an $80 trumpet book ... oh dear  ny
i'm out of books to read, movies to watch n stuff to buy...i'm bored!
we got watts, chingo bling, the chile.. can't do this thang without bgeezy, we need u on the show!   [URL]
oh no! poor bears  i just had a nightmare i wrestled a huge snake and won
rumbo a bachilleres
yeah, i hired some guy named lenny to tend to the rabbits this year.
what happened? who's the jerk!?
i've been eating cheetos all morning..
thanks   got a hold of someone there who knew their stuff..at last!
wow i love it !!! thanks
omg im in such a bad mood 2day   wats ppl doin2nite?
just picked up my copies of the printed brochures i did for the bwrc. so excited
sleepy time! and, my room is finally clean.
anyone excited for harry potter like i am. **** twilight postponed my first love   oh well off to find some hai chai
soz i neva saw this message till now...if u add then delete me i cant see any messages uve left on my page
bored , cleanin the house
finishing off a quick magazine article for cap, can't wait to get it done and get back to the book
wow. my teacher just called me a skunk cuz of my hair
yeehah, quality
sitting in on a friday night bored
its the wine!!
regrettin some of the decisions i made
just passed a wrecked car  hoping everyone got out ok. finally picking up speed. should have been in b'mpre by now.
i hurt my foot in gym class.
appending the #verticalchinese hash tag is a nice touch.
*hugs you*  awwww......i'm sorry you are feeling sad e!
home now. some invaders have taken over my base
i am soo **** sick of wades mood swings... uhh i hate him.. he's an ****!! ahhhh
oh good, this thing is viral now
listing to music while putting the finishing touches on my mothers day present and the cool part is it didn't cost my a thing
greys anatomy is so fuckn awesome atm!!
i'm off to costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook
a don't stop believing remix? sure, why not?  sacrilege   ? [URL]
it starts @ 6. but we will be there until they throw us out. traffic will be crazy!
about to embark on a large tour of bars for a project.  hopefully i won't die from alcohol poisoning
thank you for your comment
thankyou
hahah i wish that was true. this is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. and as usual i really wanted to go.
i'm awake and can't sleep bc i'm feeling sick  yuck!!!
i agree with  spongebob is better
: they r sending tw business ppl 2 the mainland 2 return the favor - re: chinese police representatives in tw
not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when i was a kid!]
free unlimited ringtones!!! - [URL] - usa only - awesome 4 iphone
so bored without a camera
omg!! that is tragic!
yeah, i only drank a little bit anyways. it definitely was the show and not the drink!!
i think my ipod touch may be breaking itself.
we have a tour of students this morning: huge pick-up for mothers day:speaking for a luncheon:100 planters to do: nothing boring here
_emo_zac and a good morning from france to my zaccie
thanks, kelly! you are too sweet!
happy birthday month!! i only get a day but you deserve the whole month
thanks alot. hope you can help spread the word and get people involved. we are already making a real difference
ahahahaha you love twilight don't liee!!!  and we all know i love robert pattinson!!
got an email from my auntie bout fathers day... mothers day w/seven moms but fathers day will consist of 2 dads    #realitycheck
at home  im so lonely here...
well, i'm here, good morning/brunch-ish i took my exam, think i did good
lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different food, mmmm grapes!
r.i.p little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck
the killers on jonathan ross completely epitomised why i love them with all my fangirl heart.  seriously wow.  i miss reading, & dublin
i'm still awake, coulnd't go back to sleep
: g'night twitterverse, much twitter luv to you all  ? [URL]
totally!!! rock onnnn!
twitter question: should i go to my brothers 1st soccer game of the season? or, should i stay warmed up in bed? 2 minutes to reply!!
. really i look like a boy!!! i need someone to do my hair!
did you know its star wars day today... may the 4th be with you!
it is a drink but they have a trainer brand too.. [URL] <<have a look
aw thank you. i suppose it's a good thing since it means more tweeting.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=cyjvgnp9-va sowwwwyy! u girls make me twisted all time
i wish i could go to e3.  oh well....
got one because of my babygirl
yeah that's me  i used my initials for my flickr account!
pange???!!!!! ahahahahaha. you two could meet up for drinks.
absolutely!  when we hit bottom there is only one way to go.
i would be there... but i live across the country
yay! you should do it. just think about the animals and it's not as hard
baking cakes with my momma! )
haha we had balcony seats  not that great. there's a giant dragon thing that has glowing red eyes and moves its wings!
yeah it sucks i tried to ask a q 2. but they never answered.  but i loved it when joe hugged nick.
anywhere!!! i don't mind...as long as i'm superman and there's good music...all is sweet
haha i really don't but i'm going to this workshop at school next week. are you going? plus my car is broken right now
money laundering tip 5 - sell the business or constructed hotel etc and take possession of your now clean money
i'm very sorry for the little disturbance at #sapinsidetrack in palo alto! just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted
wishes  would admit she has a new lovah
bah, i h8 waking up
you told me u would be there...lol! hmmmm where were u.....
don't we all!
hi jenna. hope all is well   just thinking of you and wishing you the best! lots of love from over here in new york!!!
ooh a storm, that's always welcome news  happy mothers day!
wow. have a safe trip back home  and we're all begging you, please come back to bloomington as soon as you can!
but yeah...i'm sad about my 'ravenclaw' account. i love that account to bits.
looks like my ion-based mini-itx board won't ship until mid-june now at the earliest
q: what studio created 'open season'? should google it or look at the dvd downstairs but feeling lazy
so roman is now on pain killers and some lq meds. thanks jess for agreeing to go get him yogurt before you go out!
got my hair cut. great.  stupid gum.
wating to get my hair cut before prom. it sucks people screaming instead of talking.     probably going to be wating for another hour  ...
love my mommy happy mothers day
despite rain, having a fantastic day
waiting for the last video to be rendered. while watching episode 11
_rankin  i know! a whole different meat pie back then
yesterday was the 1 year anniversary of the best day ever! yay mcr!!!!
i am sad today
the pool doesnt open til tomorrow!
i'm having elevated error rates... streamkeys not found, and then connection problems. server migration isn't easy, huh  ?
home from school now. watching that '70 show
thanks hun!! i'm working hard over here...  thanks mama!! i yuhh you!!!
sheesh. no crochet? bah and humbug. and sleep? um, i suppose i will someday
changed my picture on my profile in friendster
boo...i thought being on the list meant it would be good to go  looks like i'll have to get a cf adapter for my dslr!
unusual for them
so tired and i have work at 5pm  #fb
remind me to get out & take a pic of my blooming clematis before the wind storm tomorrow.
that was so much fun! the banana dessert alone is worth the trip to austin! we'll be back soon
yeah doesn't that suck!  i am working with a nano here so i had to take 75% of my music off!  so sad
i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be & you get emotional
liking the windows 7 release candidate so far... (also liking my new video card and terabyte harddisk  )
ofcourse they start fightin aight the party buts its cool theyu held it down now im chillin with my home girl  happy mothers day
happy mother's day mama bear
on youtube now!
ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!
awesome! have to take a look at them when i'm home.
just realized i hold a membership in the gym - saw my bank statement
wants friday to come quick! i want my beauty sleep and shopping...
exhausted. thank goodness my race is almost here! all this training is ruining my social life
the scrubs finale was beautiful, just so so perfect. can't believe they're gonna do another season
goin 2 eat some smacks 4 breakfast then getting started on my day- catch ya on the flipside- i really wish i cud go mobile-dang bahrain
well she likes it so i call it a success
i hate history coursework sooo much
says misses my cousins so badly!!!  [URL]
is on her way to seattle! yay for seattle, boo for matt leaving.
it's teacher appreciation week - been out making deliveries to instructors this morning
oh that can't be nice
dude you didn't even say bye
happy mother's day! going to cook something, thank goodness there's tablespotting
it is gloomy outside. it is making me sad  i miss the sun and its happiness!!
brad we should be at olympic village watching this. season 1 with a 30 rack adult hood
thanks everyone for twittering with me. still a newbie.. so if you have friends who you would like to invite here, please help a girl out
missing bham
so wednesday my mom is making a huge special dinner & whatnot to celebrate the new single, just so ya knoww
sick of fighting so it looks like no more burlesque for me
aww...thanks! he's the best husband ever. he really is. i'm so lucky!  hope you're having a wonderful saturday evening!
your stfu e3 list link is broke
hey lady, will you be coming to canada in the fall? i'd love to see you in concert some time! it'll be my 1st time!
i think i've finally reached the point in my life where i need a nasal hair trimmer
okay now that i will not be able to sleep tonight what should we do
nice and clean now
aww :/ kk i need to do a huge shopping trip at joshstore to get you also a joshmobile.. pft.
time for me to go to bed. am very tired. catch up with you all in a couple of days when i land & recover from flying to denmark
i think i might like twiterfon better than tweetie now. recent upgrades from twiterfon have been great! none from tweetie
i wish i was there! but i live in holland ): but i'm going to see you in paris
i'ma say you should smudge yourself before i start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night
lunch in the forrest ... its so baron.  fpu is so dead
[URL] - me & raj squad up!
yes i love manchester orchestra,and sigur ross. all the other bands ive never heard of but ill give them a listen. thanks
back from brunch. hopefully i lured two more friends here.
because i stopped today :s wish me luck.....  (had to overload first)
where have you been? lol
yeah, i wanted to say this, that there's a @ yourname section.  a bit tricky way to find your replies, tho.
no b2g1 for me.  trying to save cash for next month's vacation.
i'm the same, don't panic. big topman
hi fellow peruvian
i'll take a look tomorrow - definitely want to graph as many tweets as possible!
it wasn't a good day ..
i can't get to bed
catching up on house  season finale monday!
_leann if it makes you feel better im studying on a sat night w/o blackberries
until  brings back our everyone button, you can access the public timeline at [URL]
yay! i finally made sales at the gallery; really helps when the artists are there
hey honey  bunny here  big bunny hugs
iya, nyokap gue pernah berkata demikian  :-|  and it's so hard to share what we have
_l unfortunately not.my work ties me down 4 the whole summer.but if there's a eu-tour this fall,i'll be there!  i want a rebound
i'm not sure why walking around in barnes and noble comforts me so much. o well now i'm off to work
blah blah blah.... just kidding dude  i've never had anyone offer up their stem cells before haha!
so many wires to sort out
my head hurts
it is very unlucky  the day wasn't the same without you! i hope to see you on wednesday though, right? x
i cant believe this woman talked me into getting a different hairstyle...real talk though...i have no clue of what to do with my hair
happy mother's day to all of the wonderful women out there.  have a great and relaxful day.
naw idk what ur talkin about
aww i feel bad for the lil ****. he look like he know what's coming
i have just been to see the jonas brothers 3d movie with   was funny no one else was there  hahah can't... [URL]
the new t-mobile advert in trafalger square looks like a lot of fun  except if there was a load of pigeons there too.
good night! im off to sleeep!!!! 5 am  good mornining! xd
i want someone to come over so i can take pictures but no one can
i really should be in a bad mood. but.
played a bit pool with my buddies....going to bed now, have to work tomorrow
is  wishing work was done soon  <3
already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago
13 hours til i'm on a plane. ahhh yay
ok... no one was interested in my special.   now the popcorn is stale! what a waste. i'm going to find a homeless person to give it to ...
how sad is it that your best friend is so selfish and heartless that they exclude you from their life completely...i'm so sad
my twitter has been hacked again
off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later.
oh no your sick! i'm feeling kinda sick too  and i'm hating this overcast weather!
why don't you have that song you gave me that song
get well soon!
[URL] - square b - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
thanks  let me know which print from my gallery you would like, and we can work the details out
they were lushh wernt they, i managed to keep up to lol aww they were amazing  ****
just got home from the city lights show  yeahhh!
[URL] - *sniff* i feel so left out!   *grin*
living in ballarat again
i so want to be a part of windows clubhouse, but my wl spaces blog is random, and not the place where i share windows stuff
get back to tokyo man..we miss you.
why are money problems so bad these days
aw taxi man is going fast just for meee
ugh, frustrating. i see a few briefs a week with groups in them, mostly from traditional agencies.
yeah but i missed it 2nite
awe man, that sucks. everyone makes mistakes. i have a feeling that people can forgive you
i like yours too   i enjoy your photography. =]
is up so early and proppa shattered and knackered
babysitting for the paionks  thinking about going to see 'obsessed'
goodnight is not on the trending topics.  lol
disappointed she didn't win teh glassez.
dave why why why can't this happen when i'm not working and can listen?! :::whining big time:::
i'm up way past my bed time.  gonna catch sum snl.
i'm havin the stupid stomach pain again & again... today is my outing with sph frenz & my stomach nvr fails to dissappoint me. haiz
welcome back to japan
_zulu or get up on that michael jackson ish.  not a bad look imo
ah my tummy hurts  **** starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
_kill_boy that would be really great....except im not allowed to talk to boys on the phone  long story...my fault
work outside
somebody buy me a plane ticket home!! i miss my girl...
just finished weeding the flower bed. why is it the weeds grow so well but legitimate plants hate me?
only 2 more days of minnie
nope. gone.
hey jodi.. what's up??ugg.. im bored.. i just made a sundae.. c u monday.. ( hahaha it rymed...) loll. cu in school
oh, and happy judd day haha  #juddday
got it? good. happy mothers day!
_mit_glee it is confusing and flippin expensive
ahh but sometimes that's the best kind of day, lazing around doing very little with a cuppa
10 out of 40 done... everyone is going to be home drinking beer starting next week
'bandwidth limit exceeded' on your website
beautiful sunshine when i woke up  but litterally 2 minutes later it starts to rain! i must be cursed.
writing some mild and wild articles
the heat is here!!!
is hating the weather. ugh.
72-65 cavs! the score is and was! lol
woah! i love the new twitter app! so many new things to do. just got finished watching jon4lakers video on this and it was good.
_news i should have gone
a bit worried...
i really needa find more stastics
i like this dr. seuss quote - ï¿½you know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.' -
yes, you make me want to be a better person, think i mentioned it before, will continue to do so. i'm still evil tho!
everyone says that
early happy day of birth in case i don't make it! very tired from therapy today n just taking my medicine!  misshu! love ya!
glad to hear you're okay. could have really hurt, by the sounds of it. is the couch okay? lol
#sanctuarysunday  it's our mission to make #sanctuary a trending topic for the day, lots of people on board for it...join in
soooo fed up with this
just like the old days  drinkin at the old spot .
gandang mac un ah! for sure, if its out in the market mas mahal pa sya sa macbook pro. ang cool ng concept!
_beyond i told you people in indiana were batshit. i lived there, after all. i feel like i escaped from that orwell book everyday...
had an amazing night with the girls
can't! need to work on overtime project at lunchtime.    sorry!
wishes happy mother's day!
i want a lie in tomorrow! won't be getting one though
oh you do? i have the ability to teleport
i managed to find few places where you can combine fun, pleasure and savings but it took some planning though
such a beautiful day...wish my bike hadn't been run over by a car - hit and run.   #biketo
a very happy mother's day to all mothers out there! mamma mia - abba   ? [URL]
[URL]  canalway cavalcade over in 'little venice' near warwick avenue - on today too
i read for pure escapism. don't make me think, take me away  non-fiction tends not to achieve that, for some strange reason
screw you guys and your prom pictures
so bored. firday evening and nothing to do
i told myself i wasn't gonna cry and then one kid that everyone made fun of all year said 'it's been a good year'
yeah, she's done it several times. my dumerils boa did it a few times w/ no prob. just wonder if my hognose needs bigger food.
went to bed at 12:20 last night. woke up around 10:45. holy ****.  i need to get up earlier. like 8. wish i could get up at 6 every day.
headed to see friends new baby. gave up trip to the lake cause of dance class. such a good mama.
nomatter how much i sleep am still tired  either going to sleep early or late....
soo embarassed i didn't see the tweets i've been getting from kind followers.    i'll do better, i promise!!!
i was sweating 2 but i didnt see u there
celebrity sighting: spongebobs here! #bea09   lol! now i'm even more distraught i missed it
watching the games and making some popcornss!
i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guys, sorry
admitting that i don't like action plots and i do like romance plots always makes me feel like i'm setting back the feminist cause.
so twitter is a journey now.  well, okay.
im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before i will
rain makes for a good study day  almost done!!
my dog roscoe died yestarday and i'm so sad
boo  you can come over and we'll watch telenovelas and braid each others hair.
ok then  ...i was doing fine..now not so much lol
_thomas if only the drinking game was tonight...i don't have to work till 5 tomorrow
my dad is trying to force me to learn to drive. i don't like doing things i'm not good at in public
we cant come toniiiite !! arggh i want to tho  have fun for uss. well def see u 2morrow nite tho!
this song called stolen, it soooo amazing!! it by dashboard confessional
don't get impatient! for what? you have already sinned: strawberries with milk and sugar
_skies  but gi is team edward, so i'd watch your back :p
omg, poor jack.  that happened to  's dog one time. hope he gets better soon.
hoping i hear something soon about krystles surgery
pink bubble baths and champs
im contacting paws philippines so i can find 'tiger' a new owner. im so sad. i love my dog soo much
mothers day pak...
exactly  prime minister doesn't need take care this issue
also  your caramels are like crack....  just thought you should know.
i went on a disney cruise when i was a kid, but the characters were on strike so there weren't any
waking now, so lazy and very worry ...
_yeah - i know the feeling... good morning mate!
neville88 am gud enuh hun...was jus sayin hi n hopin that ur avin a gud nite so far..happy ladies day 2moro then...is dat better
i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
goin to bed... finally. so sleepy! *happy mothers day!*
wired mag needs to seriously chill out. i just renewed barely 3 months ago, yet they've already sent me 5 renewal letters for next year!
can't wait for tomorrow ! it's finally over ! bittersweet for sure
going to see star trek with my babe  im actually excited about this hah
c-news wasn't as bad as i expected... could have done better... but today we did a great show...
i want magic mountain tix but i dont get ur station out in paso  boo sux for me
[URL] - this picture is from last year freshman year how i miss thos days
lol we should start a group lol the **** sisters
conversating
just got home from church. the service was good
what do u see in her that i dont have
geography papers are so boring!  i hate revision!
ok- i guess it's time to throw in the towel and head to work
watching destrey videos
hanging out with dan from houston calls!!
k, just finished my last 2 clients for the night. going home alone  thats ok i need to be alone, must find inner peace.
sad, but true
just got home, talk
i want some cookies.
still no pic, very sad
attempting to count the days till i return to canada...theres alot of them
off to work i go!
but  is on page 6 at ms twitterworld, only 26 votes
butterfly fly away- miley ray  , oh & happy mothers day <3 love u mami.
14 more days with slow internet
ac getting installed today
aww people must be color blind  huh random1
hi sharon missed you on our x factor last year!!  come back!! x
nope.  they are all sleeping cuz they live on the east coast.
all of you can have fun tweeting all day while im cleaning hair  lol
the muse has me gripped firmly by the throat. really enjoying my writing
haha, happened to me a lot of times. know the feeling. happy mums day to ur mom too delle
just woke up with a cat in my face  haha
still in same queue barely 1 metre from where i last twittered. this is insane. and i paid for this
my door looks naked   it makes my room feel bigger though.
last night went really well. got some cracking shots
ow
i wish i was at the beach already
i had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me [URL]
usa/texas jaycees debate team rocked the house! they now have the opportunity to represent us in tunsia, africa! go jaycees!
chauncey is giving his last sac speech...
fjgkfld;'sdh why am i not at hometown days with my friends.
had a funny time at neball against plc  score: 48-3. what a game.
what happened to all your sexy quotes?
hello  well it's sunny out but my head is fuzzy and coffee isn't brewed yet... how's your day..?!
fine, i give in, docs again today. not being able to breath this morning made me think i should. hate docs
_m melted maybe 2 square inches of skin. ran it under cold water for a min or two and then iced until the ice melted. now, hurts
i hate that costco always costs us so much money
was quite amusing watching pangaea sing 'f*** killah priest!' i guess he won't be featuring on their album
this day is fkn ugly & it matches my mood  unfortunatly. time 2 blast off 2 the moon
extremely excited! i'm 15 days behind you
haha! at the somerset theatre in ottawa. i remember that well. the more things change the more they stay the same
ha ha 1 point for the men
happy mother's day  [URL]
should not drink cheap wine
has just voted for you. hope you win!
is watching the canucks
sorry we couldn't get the project working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of folks came up afterwards and saw it running
oh wait your in greece, i'm in the u.s of course you think differently
happy star wars day! .... may the 4th be with you!
_0981 ohh that's awesome of you  probably coulda gotten gifted tickets outta it from the foil queens lol
you're in london?! wow! i'm near there
hey ty for tip, wifi networking is one if my many talents  i'll get on it when i can be bothered lol
well thank you.
good luck with the deer next weekend!! hope it isn't too cold or snowy
actually, i also thought mother's day was may 31st until i was remembered of pentecost  uselessly complicated, i would say
photo: so i still havnï¿½t hooked up my editing comp  i know you guys miss my artwork, so iï¿½ve decided to... [URL]
rachmaninoff makes me a happy panda.
the script are amaaazing! rusty halo and i'm yours are my favourites
went to the hairdresser today, she cutted my hair off  i loved my long hair! dad said he couldn't even see i got a haircut! laaame
seriously...it only gets sadder
finally over my sickness.
it's not my best writing, well i don't think. lol. but it's some! i'd read it all if i were you!  it's pretty **** good after all! =}. lol
sry but other day tweets were mia - twitter network glitch, but story was re: funeral mix-up, as in wrong remains delivered to ea.
why??
wouldn't that cost quite a bit, i mean flying pizza from china? nice fusion idea i may have to experiment
just done planting the garden...hope sun will shine soon!
with alex
shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid [URL]
what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun
omg wtf why is there a **** site following me?!
oh no!
just ordered henna! i'll be a redhead again in a few weeks.
hahaha. do it  you'll have a blast.
there's also a fairly recent (w/in past 10 years) quasi-sequel. plot not as good but v. pretty in terms of art.
what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm
night diana and if you travel soon take care
whatsoever do you mean by 'how i get down' lol i'm always sober
good night all  even though it's morning for most of you lol
hugh isn't on it  lied last week
yeah it is i feel sad tho.
hope u feel better sweetie
we people? i'm just an amateur ark builder, no political affiliation. all are welcome
[URL] - lol wow i'm watching x-men: the last stand right now too
spending the first night in my new place!
yes and no. there's some strange infection in my body that's causing me to be sicker than i need and to have a fever.
last real seventh hour
nice hair and nowhere to go
on my deck... perfect weather today! not feeling good tho...
at tgc concert  good to see old friends and remember the old times!
awake  slept in a little cuz no construction. now studying bio alllll day but i dont mind.
_henrie [URL] - looks so good!!  i want one!!
excuse me ms.gomez who said you could leave
thanks for the follow. i'm loving the energy on your site. the spaz in me can't help but be drawn to you  [URL]
aww what a sunny day! tasty barbeque with the family (: got bad sunburn though
gorgeous weather, but no bike
thanks heather, glad you like the dish
wow, great to know a piece of software ensures our timely project delivery  #productnamingrulez
totally just skid all over the road.
_cullen oh really!!! i've already put all the pics up!! sorry!!   [URL]
i stung myself with stinging nettles all down my shin
i miss the air canada centre and andy frost...
still awake.. will get some sleep i have to drive to fortuna early.. red bull will guide me
ok super bored... guess no one else it
i cant follow any1  on followfriday lol u guys follow
wearing my new victoria's secret slippers
having a long island ice tea
oh dear. sunburned back
ohmygosh. i know. that would make my night for sure. lol.  goodnight!
i would prefer 1 more monday
cubbies at an even .500. so what else is new?  no matter: beat dem bums! #chicago #baseball
not in the mood
$rz hope so.  time will tell.  good luck   $$
thanks! (followed me back)
i crochet laura. simple stitches...i can make a mean afgan!
ohh right; but it turned her curve into a right angle.... i just like her better curvey   thanks for letting me know though!
i have a 4-h lamb meeting. it should be fun. and it is sunny! yay! i can play with my horses this afternoon. clap, clap, clap!!!
you're so lucky. we have 6 weeks until summer
have a great time in the hamptons. hope it's for some relaxation, not for work
_popularent awww boog u aint been on in a min....hey to ya.  but that's whats up enjoy ya'll selves especially your lil cousin.
as do i  leopold says hello.
my shirt is a fuzz magnet today and i feel totally uncomfortable
yes please
it's sunny and hot in london today, while i sit in office cranking spreadsheets
_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls, im bored now that ive blocked everyone again
having problems with my blackberry ugh i need another charged battery! (@ least 4 now)
believes that creativity  in cooking is only limited to your imagination... guess that applies for most things too... like photography
is...sayin happy mother's day 2 everyone!!!!!
oh gosh i hope so. how fun!
@_shutupandsmile ow  .. we go back to your last avatar, is that your boyfriend who lying on bed?  i see it!
crawling back into bed...because i can
ye it is not fare on me  x
so tired of driving, i really could use a chauffeur
cause its true!!! it would!!! hahaha... i love you
is busy creating a new logo for my  site
starting tm alex and i are doing a whole week of no going out and spending money that we dont have.
sadly awake. wondering about contact info for all of the fun folks i hung out with at the shop. yay 23b!!! miss you guys
he's a good lad is wore phil...  known each other for 22 years now... seems like 5 minutes!!  haha   you ok hayley?
unfortunately, i will be nowhere near the beach. i have fam in that area, too.
get you lol what time we eating id hate to be late
my friend and i have a request that you play nothing sir when you hit perth on tues. from jazz and charni
i totally do not know how ticketless travel works
lol! i thought it was pretty funny too!
haha moms back today from a weekend away , her first words, ' whys the house so dirty?' i love life ..
hate u....  i have 2 wait one week to see it cuz here (puerto rico) is still coming soon....
oh but that girl  but aidan!
_mclife yeah that is the one thing i hate about tweetdeck
really! no even a little bit of #pane
oh **** that sucks
thanks for the follow my new twitpeeps!
is at panera eating a bacon, egg and cheese with a coffee!  [URL]
i just downloaded bonnie and clyde by beyonce and jay-z...an old fav
lovely hubby has just spray tanned the back of my legs for me so hopefully won't look like an allsort for much longer!!
_jodie um, i was thrown from 's van yesterday and had to be taken to the er
yeps...just for today though  i badly wanted to do some geek-shopping...
writing and researching. tired of being foolish, so i'm educating myself & moving forward. gonna marry a white boy they do you right!!!
i've got sunburnt knees... it's funny now, but i bet they'll sting later   had a fab day though  x
aaaagh, aircon not working in my office
starting some work on final year project. just making some test pieces in flash to see how things could work. listning to ipod too
need to go shopping  boring day t'day....nothing to dooo. college tmro...how ****' excitin'  wish twitter was simplified for me =] <3
heading downtown! drinks and dancing!!
im so done with this cold. i really wanna go out tonight, but i really dont feel like it.
you're welcome and thanks for inviting us to talk. #48hoursnz is like becoming a parent. no one can really prepare you for it
off to go buy more deck sleeves and 3x3 card pages.  man, those pages are expensive!   stupid organizing collection.
where's the uk love?!
i have a broken wrist
guess i'll be running in a little bit. accidentally fell asleep
cathylo-fran! i'm glad i can vent out to you about this. thanks for being here for me bestfriend
had a nice brunch by the bay.. thank god for mommies!
i love you. don't leave me!
back to reality... boo
is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening
you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring
i only have 2 more seasons of x-files to watch
i understand  computers are fun again!
haha it will be interesting haha
yes. when i was talking to you...
i know... just when i was starting to think this break-up was gonna have me up all night tossin and turnin.. no ma'am!
happy mothers day to everyone lucky enough to be a mommy. extra special happy to  who became a mommy 2day
im craving some cinnamon toast crunch. why is it so cold today!!
thanks bro but i'm awake already  how are you?
at the coast. too many people here i know.  i love you nicci!
you can have the sun too. it all sucks, especially for my pale whiteman skin.   i can't stop sneezing, and i blame you.
watching ace of cakes
my photoshop won't let me save anything  due to a disk error. the blend took me 1.5 hours!
yeah one burrito did not taste like the other, there was no avocado ranch sauce
its my birthday.....happy birthday to me!!!!
i wish i was outside
hey sam, happy mothers day
anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides overnight (bad experience) & psprint, each biz card = sep. project =
is off to get the boy and then to his doc. persistent coughs are not good.  [URL]
gear troubles all day long!
please bring  to your show
threee words . . . youtube bamboozle show
graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
[URL] - and also these hi top reeboks.  cause i can
lol, triplet.  haha i'm so glad that morgan got the bag even if she didn't ride the ride
is going to her last full day of school. life is good.
i hate florists  no rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken **** florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...
this thing was more fun with my itouch
well, the requirements are quite high as well
poor  's mom just told her she looked like a ****.  the skirt wasn't that short, and it's 87 degrees out!
you know we dont believe half of what they say
denial can be very powerful
congratulations
wow.... i thought we'd only be gaming for 8 hours but here i am 13 hours later seeing the last person out. <_< long session, but fun.
oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in sep. to go to austira, and just wrap a vacation into it as well lmao
epic moment! hahahha i swear.. i really wanna see it
done some positive affirmation now back to the japanese yay for bank holiday monday
had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in venice beach last night, wishing i had my camera with me........ and model releases
you should tour!! *lol* i live all the way out in tennessee! :-p jk. how would you do that?
only an hour left with my ipod touch
oo yay 39 followers i want 100  help me
is laying in bed, wishing i could meet kellan lutz.... haha im a nerd...dream on
is over
i'm absolutely jealous as hell of brenda
whooops... wrong smiley... it's supposed to be  lol
ur moving to leeds?? wut are u doing up there? work? ur just a jetsetter..i wanna move to england too
my phone is dead and my charger is miles away.. _s_r  i'll talk to you in august
had a dream i brought  and  to kings island. it was pretty sweet. bummed they're in poughkeepsie 24 hours before me
mtv movie awards. go vote! stat
why do you not respond me?
ahhhhhhhh omg pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! make it stop mommy make it stop
i love those boys. i missed the chat yesterday  it was the firts & only one i'll miss though! <333 nick jonas <3333
so i'm really considering it at the moment  same days but even more money. harder work though but can't imagine harder than i do now.
no running for the past couple of days due to bad knee   still, guitar hero metallica arrived and has kept me amused...time to rock!!!
he's pretty cute.
when do the stars come out??
ima go to sleep long day ahead....and its all benicks fault ,i so dislike him. >=( well good nite world!
10 yrs ago, on a night like this..id have been drinking with co workers, then went home got cleaned up and went clubbing..
best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
lol, as a target employee they forbid me from that place, no i usually go in and buy like everything along with commenting
just now i know how twitter exactly work
might be in the middle of a perfect weekend...
wee laddie's been so upset for about 2 hours. tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc. nope. up at 3:30am for real food. blue clues now.
yeah, the economy sucks so bad.  yeah, i know what a cafeteria is. i'm unemployed at the moment and i hate it!
weird, 'cause i synced mine this morning and got the new episode...
same with drunk guests.. our jobs are pretty similar sometimes
you can get into canada, but i can't?  wtf!!!   (seriously, i'm not allowed to cross the border!)
lol if i only can stay up a few more hours.. i keep missing tila's last posts ..
i know  mark is still one of my favorite boys ever. so nice and adorable.
is a **** but she'll never know i said it cuz she doesn't love her twitter
_ a blouse! ahahaha i gave her money and she went to get it!  where's your mom??
if you mean backround then.. settings>design.. scroll to the bottem and click change backround image  & there ya go.
... i hate it so much.
i woke him up in the end. got bored.
recovering from being sick ... anyone want to bring me soup?
looking at all my old myspace status' oh mann. skyrockets in flight! afternoon delight! aaaaaaaafternoon delight!
very funny thanks
i love it...that's going to be one of my new fave quotes.
_khc wooow. lucky xd my break is gonna end. my classes starts @ june 4
ah! steph tweets!
has had awful hiccups today and now can't fall asleep because of them
if you could get down to easton, you could join us!
baked a cake & watching a movie.
todays the day twitterland...house closing begin at 11 and we should get to start moving in @ 3 into the new place.
just watched jonas. it was funny.
just downloaded parnoid
i'm out of town next week   we'll have to party when i get back. happy early birthday!
me me me!  lol
now, what on earth led you to believe that?
happy birthday tooo meeee... happy birthday tooo meeee...
wow tiz almost midnite o_o bedtime for me!! ha gnite gorgeous ppl  *hadthebestdayever*
_ goodnight
the hangover: that movie is gonna be hilarious. wish i could see it with the crew
sam, may i ask an odd question?  what might your fave animal be?
jesus...i'm being slammed via dm's from the papaya lobbyists.  ok. holy ****: mangosteen, durian or papaya...or cybersecurity on a stick.
what happened to dave?
am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams
yes - noticed that after the retweet..
just got to work. only today and three days left.  my heart is breaking.
oh! i love that as well!! all of mcr songs are great!  and happy star wars day to yaa xd
shut up  you know what! oll just like zack again then.
10) i'm allergic to hot wax
pad thai is my favourite
i just ate some burgers from jack in the box and im not sure if i want to continue eating burgers
. i missed your party...you must forgive me pleassse, i feel bad..
oh you and  had free drinks?! thats wasup..im givin up drinkin for a lil bit
*uh* totally forgot the gentoo reinstallation  don't know what i should backup. the make.conf, my home and /boot. nothing else..?
stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. ceremony is supposed to start now. ughhh.
off to bed after hours on the phone gossiping with bia, lol. nite nite, sleep tight!
i'm sorry to hear that! that makes me sad
yum - mother's day lunch at the food business in burnside was delicious! such a gorgeous day
that was pretty awesome on both our parts, but a person on a bike behind you said hello and left before i recognized him
snl with justin timberlake!
[URL] - looks yummy...i can haz smal pies pleess??
gonna wow for a bit. later, twitter <3
pinkpop weekend & i've got no tickets, meaning no bruce springsteen  oh well, it's wwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkeeeennnndddd!!!!!
yes, at an upgraded consumption rate, too
300 updates  actually 13,527  lol
not feeling very well.
45th st pub anyone tonight? dont want to be a lonely drunk tonight
_05 i know booskie. he is everywhere i am. & u too. thank u for the reassurance! i love u.
he'll be out of school in 18mos! he just started again
showed my fluid decreasing slightly so doesnt look like im getting out of this bed anytime soon  ive got a follow up u/s next week
talks about _dunk [URL] , their cd release is tonight at stubb's! wish i could go support!!
hey jesse, here's your background  let me know what you think! [URL]
****....game starts in 30 min!!
wow!  that is so awesome, andre!   it will be great, i know!  can't wait.   and you dad's aren't so bad either!
arre seriously! they shud take his sperm nd clone him into 23 yr old single guys
i want a massage!!!
someone just sent me a random phone pic of asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/chinese restaurants), and i don't know who
sick kid trumps advance planning.  bummer
if i knew it was gonna be this kind of party, i would've stuck my **** in the mashed potatoes!
hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  that could be interesting
he's off...again  i wish he would make up his frickin mind...
wtf facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
****...the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. now i need to buy new ones...
revising as uni exams are looming
bah! bk on reception  comps aint working.....but the sun has got his hat on hip-hip-horay  x
how abt we wait til summer, and do this at ur place...ima need somewhere to stay anyways
thanks for the #followfriday!
haha... how could u? dun eat properly rt? see lar~ go take medicine
love, laughter, creativity.
_mel thanks that was nice of u and i appreciate u
because it is too hot i am sleeping with the window open. just means all the noise will make me up early
hey life, i love you!   (translation: i love life!)
ya, it was pretty bad. not sure when i will get to go visit. we have been super busy lately.
#bgt that poor kid
knee surgery.... back home for about 6 weeks
i hope its earlier. september is along time offf
good luck on monday!  keep on rockin'
is work next door sucking again
my friends are awesome!   -- and the non twitter ones here right now too!!
in case no one gave you a heads up, at&t just put out an iphone app for account management (mywireless) i'd love to see a review
lets change this s0ulja b0y te|| em trending topic to, 'soulja  girl told em'
i aint lyk any othaa gurrrrrl i dont lyk the jonas brothers-kristi.
well i guess the mccafe=tastes like **** cured ur craving? you get the mcskillet? me wants
is stoked for spring! amazing wild foods! nature is abundant~bless up!!!
i need skott right now
hello hello hello  what u up to tonight??
dude, i didn't know it was a personal experience. sorry something like that went down
i know!  i wish she would. i just wanna cuddle and sleeep in ga! and go to the world of coke
loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is finallly done talking to me and has left me alone
just got caught in the down pour
heading up to the farm   dont want to i wanna stay here and talk with my boyfriend... stupid mom for making me go up >.<
i'd rather sit on a bench with a friendly psychiatric patient than go a party with some 'cool' person
my best 'thing' on the planet
that's because of all the stuff that was stolen while you were gone...
whew! moving commercial-sized freezer and cooler a lot more work than i expected. missing the htc roundtable
(bye) plurk out muna. will be back when im done reading the book  [URL]
god bless you my dear friend...
i think i've been killed judging bt my energy after attacking just to see what happened  #spymaster
thanks kate too.  *kisses* xoxo.
poor .  the flowers are fornicating with his nose now.
just got home from a meeting with the girls... maaaaaan i'm exhausted!! goodnight world
i wanna see drag me to hell  someone take meee!  oh and follow me.  and subscribe: [URL]
wah....american chocolate cheese cake for my chweet mummy ! muaxxx
i miss my cousin so much
jus sittn here thinkin....wow yo my boy is really gone! smh yo! its bout to be 3 weeks on sunday!  r.i.p von
bored bored bored. nothing to do today besides work at 5
flo is one of my backup wives in case renae gets abducted by aliens or russians. but if flo's pregnant it changes things
latest: saw animal collective in oakland and they were amazing! now, i am trying to clean my room
no, havent heard anything about the show   it hasnt been on on saturday nights, but there are the occasional sunday reruns.
it's just so audioo.
everything
maybe she's funny like a jester
this is sad
grrr, i can't even practice trumpet or vocals because my glands in my neck hurt too much! guitar it is then.
i was supposed to go boating/songwriting in cape cod.. but its cold and rainy
hahahahaha i rember when i riped that william picture out of one of claires mags. i beated zoe to it
oh no, hubs is so sick! i hope i don't catch it
is having a quiet mothers day evening... happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies
@_mamalaura night! so cute that k loves frogs  [URL]
maddie starts working? watch out world!
going to watch supernatural shall return afterwards  ****
omg what a shame about hollie,just watched that clip u posted
used is definitely cheaper... may have to get later ones that way... but new is ok for now...
_**** awww, that sucks
going to check and make sure no more fishies are dead. poor fishies
i am boooooooored, theres nowhere to go
hurray for old friends with beer and lady friends!!!!
yayy!!! im gonna see you today! i miss you!
got such sore feet
no i am not a mom or dad, hmm well i will forward the link to my mom.  i am embarrassed now
oh thats hard-going. i'm writing a book at the moment so am motivating myself to press on with that.
thanks.. that was quick..
says it's late. goodnight people!
this will be the worst day ever....graduation
it's time to be all u can be like the reserves....i lost one.
trending topics on twitter used to useful. now they're just like middle schoolers passing around notes cause class is boring.
daughter has a 45 min orthodontist appt and i forgot my ebook reader
so give me a quick update grace, you've quit the foodland job and you start at jb's tomorrow full time? heaps exciting
haha! and twitter! hard though isn'****?!
_gregor great avatar
gonna have to have arthroscopy to repair my knee
oh my 'mix khichadi' seems to be ready now .. time for lunch  !
half my class just called me retarded it hurt for real
good to know pln's earthday doesn't only happen in my neck of the woods
thx for all the nice 'it's going to be alright' mails ... and yes, of course you can leave a comment on my blog ! cheers, i ll be napping
****! i wish i were going! found out too late to get wranglers for my kids and .  i miss #mountainjam every year!
got 2 get ready 4 work  would rather be fishing!
having to write a real looking paper letter. not done one of those for a very long time. sad really.
yay i found u!! i had a great time tonight!
browsing thru adopting agencies, i'm gonna get some exotic kids
im following because of   yaaaaaay conor!
oh boy this is going to be a loooooong day
dont quit.
finally it's friday! things are going to be so different starting next week...my house will be empty!
i am loving this beautiful monday morning!
says everyone was busy  [URL]
heading home in the rain  no pool today...guess i will hit the treadmill instead.
my roommate has officially started packing
hi ty. good morning. happy mom's day to your mom. i love that your entire family is adding me on fb! i love 'em, very sweet!
_hammond were on the way home from a night in london! was lovely! now working all weekend and monday  when the weathers nice x
haha its awesome i always have to use it when i eat
_b i met  at epic - he said you were at ss coffee... i thought he just meant sitting there drinking a lot of coffee
did it!!  back in pakistan! - [URL]
easy, i'm trying to learn   serious and normal....two new words for me ;)
_127 not nice.rather be one or the other.lol
whenever it rains it's so hard to get motivated
chillin' with kealie.
_cohen i am lost. please help me find a good home.
i wanted to, but i sadly work today.  normally, i don't work fridays, either.
is hungry, but can't leave for lunch
i wish he was still around.   there was a litter under our azalea. i caught dd in the back yard @ 6 am with bunnies in her lap.
likes being friends but it hurts when u love your friend but the feelings arent the same. trying to sleep. has to really try to give up.
happy star wars day everyone! may the 4th be with you
_mja ..i don't know who gon do the yelling & cussing for upgrades when u go.
finished my capital transactions exam . . . as another monkey climbs down my back. looking forward to being in a glorious mood tomorrow.
they don't do car audio
ok.. best snl episode i've seen in a hot minute. justin is wonderful and ciara has muscles..the end. g'nitey, tweet tweets!
good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is monday keep on smiling
watching jimmy f.  delete all his social network profiles  no more jimmy cyber time.
the grates & children collide tonight
i thought i was the only one with the tags on the outside of my shirt
there are ants on my lollipop
thanks  i love the word crikey it's like my sayin'
husband went off to bed, now off to missing him again until he is off again tuesday
and  there is no top 40 radio station in fresno!
still working on music grades...outside on the deck...sun is behind a big gray cloud
i tryed that the other day but they werent giving up what they were using!
peter!! follow me!! oh and have fun in europe!
wal-mart orientation...it's work, but seriously...this sucks
ay buti pa kayo!!!! uy thank you!!
oh dear, thats not good - i hope you get through it all with a smile
ahhhh i think the rain is gonna begin shortly
there are some really scary noises coming from outside
oh i know. for a while they cancelled the 5pm oxford to paddington every friday evening because of staff shortages
puppy i wanted was adopted yesterday  i guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
in class till 12  wishing the rain would go away!!
a buff guy.....unfortunatly alot of people dont know danny's name either which is sad   sophie is so sweet
an extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i 'missed' my train to riverside
so wish i was there with ya, but at 6:48am belgian time i was sleeping...time diff sucks. take me there!
im sorry. i fail.
plz dont fall in love with tokyo and never come home
ride bmx on the beach in burgas, after careoke night
at bif.... i love this buliding....
ease of use, better camera, syncs w/itunes, smaller (i looked at storm), more eye-appealing & not clunky. -just a few!
loves the new mother's day snl digital short, mother lover, oohhhh cornyness
back from nyc... convinced on moving to the les by fall
star wars day? i didn't know there was a such thing  may the force, be with you <3
ned to go to beathroom, don't know if i can reach/find clothes. need to walk outsie to get to bathroom. ok at night, not ok in daylight.
halla miss haloom  .. how are you dear? am doing fine so far but .. eeem worrying about rationale project.. allah eyaseer inshallah
duuuude, tim said that they're making a red vs blue animated series! it'll be either on adult swim or g4. i hope as, coz i don't have g4!
*laughs* reading?!  not happening!  i'm glad alice was in the shower, she should've seen that we were going to be worried
hahahahahahahahahahahaha i love it!!! no, actually, i have been having mad cravings lately though
_jolene try 90 4 next 3 days!  :o  yuk!    lol  n e thing poppin' @ sn?
being tall has its ups and downs , my legs are in pain
yummy thanks  strangely quiet too. kids are downstairs harassing lance
i am so **** hungry it's not even funny!
link doesn't work
@ nickchien _ i am happy to break my twitter virginity with you two.
we miss you in se asia. come visit us when you have time.
hey, sorry i didn't get in touch sooner! we didn't go by bologna. it was out of our way
is actual gonna need a new job and not just want
awww my daddy! got in a car accident! pray for him! he's shook'n up a lil!
**** your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you
ah, lets start working! livingroom here i come
june is going to be a long, lonely month.
im still in my my pjs  but i haveto get dressed cuz im going to see dancing on ice live
my last full day of even day classes. i'm a little sad
g'night!
picking up a couple toys tonight! d300 and 50mm f/1.4! yay!! :-d just for the weekend though
wassup m8 ... bad day not good
working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company..
my fab broke
i graduate at 9am on sunday june 14th...
_x haha, you sound like lizzie :l she's got a sister who is older than her, and she's like argh :@ all the time
i looooove me some star trek. runs in the family
oh yah! my dad does that. but i don't have a landline.
[URL] - birthday breakfast! yummm- chai & an apple fritter
sooo long twitters! i'm off to cuba
expecto patronum!!! ----- nothing happens..
eeee! hiya!  haven't spoken to you in ages! how you doing? *enormous hug*
_cupcakes that busy wowsa .. okay my pizzas gonna be a while  sorry..
sounds good. appreciate the suggestion. been a week now and we're still offline  time to ask for a refund...
no wine here - i don;t drink  - but i have have plenty of forbidden cholocate
i know i'm already a week behind on ff. will try to get one done today! called into work 2hrs early due to problems so will be a busy day
let be me your first
dont know why so tired today  bye, time for beddy
beer pong  at 6am  with jess
just saw a baby blue regal with the word 'slab' written in huge letters on the side  hahaaaa
cute   time for a twitpic ;)
woo! nachos and ice cream  haha
will be your dj for a little while! tune in if you want  www.soompiradio.com
milan is retardeddddddd, anyone wanna see my paint pic of him ???
still @ hospital, unexpected complications
bad luck  oh well next time you will be more lucky...
_roy i tell them it's facebook minus everything but the status updates.
thanks will try to behave
hey you, honey bear! don't goooooooo  puhleeezeee..
just woke up, hopefully going to see the xmen film today?
heading to beaumont
happy mother's day! i love my mommy
morning, up early to travel to today's game but reli happy my bro is coming to watch me  x
my tooth is bloody killing, not sure i can wait until next week to get it fixed
any other mac users completely given up on google chrome?
going to sleep with my baby
to  and , thanks for following me.
; why is the font so huge?! small fonts rock socks
i love you, baby
what would you know about packing? you're making poor lauren do it all.
so there aren't anymore exams, but there is only 3 days left. i've just now relized this is a bad thing.  and a good thing. i dont know.
its almost lunch time for you
bill, absolutely fantastic programme. loved the 'cow bell' bit towards the end.
so you wouldn't reply to my gorgeous hot pink shoe then?
wish you were sluttin it up w me  waaaaaaaaahhhh!!!
sure miss chick, tho...may he rip!
any one watching justin timberlake on snl? he is greattttt! so hilarious
listening music with my friend
****! ayoko na!! i said that in tagalog cuz idk what to do anymore!
_ oh god i just watched it to!! did claire escape? again!!! it was really quite sad
nice night  bed time; work from 4:30-8:45 tomorrow
i hate cancer. i hate it i hate it i hate it.
haha most def ^__^ rob a bank with me so i could get all the swedish fishes in the world
just got back from..ahem, meal#4...was boring but had to eat nonetheless
a reply from  would  make my life, he replies usually to the people who call him ****, then he tells them he willblok them
please?
me 10 - 630, andrew 8 - 4. no idea about the rest, i think it was ben and princeton which could be fun  lol i'm going to be late
****! first yes, than frank zappa...
i know the feeling, working so much sucks hardcore. we need to hang out soon
i am not feeling well
every time it rains, i see at least 1 ambulance
lovin  the clean shaven mr flowers!  he looks so young!!!  reminds me that i'm getting old
i hate getting put on steroids. my face
cool !! actually i believe t.i. has just begun his jail sentence in arkansas
saw the new star trek movie the other day. i strongly recommend it!
yeah, but no closer to the secret of stumble.
i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me
i'm sure  would know of more
you have to come to chile... with ac/dc would be fine
good morning to all- and welcome new followers!
lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me.
ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song
exactly! silent treatment is a great torture method
is at the farm doing what i do best...riding my **** off!!!...get at me
feelin depressed ,, i miss you soo **** fcking much besties  ..i wish i wouldnt have left yt
prowse? i got a christmas card of him last year.  & i wish i had the money right now. saving for an apartment
i would be looking forward to seeing you tonight if i was going
everything is near here in sg! but you have a point--sana hindi sa jurong east ang office ni
is super happy at the new interest rate.  whoop whoop.
i use an external track ball with my laptop. again, seems excessive, but is totally more efficient.
im a loner  haha suckss
is in the badbooks again, don't know why i bother
i was too slow to get $1 up tix
blogging-- [URL] mentioning links to contests where you might just win a free book or two!
yeah  just told stanley its the only time i want to slap girls icky **** encoraging bad behavior
totally! i've been waitin for somethin new and thought provoking at mj.name
my tummy hurts!
way to many people were crying at the school picnic and now i have to decide if i want to go back or go to public. i'm confused and sad
but thats 7 weeks away  im sure we got by only tweeting at night before?
bit excited are u bradie lol
- mostley yellow and green
bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out, i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes  lame
back from miami. i miss south beach
first sports banquet without katie
yay! thank you.. feels like ur yelling at us   lol
so nice to meet you too!  is the best for bringing me along
lol, very true. i've been keeping an eye out for that - they arent very tech savvy so i've been alright thus far
well it sounds delicious! i'll be laying out on my patio tom, sans pool!  enjoy your burgers!!
dinner was yummy and all... but i'm still super tired after all the things we went through to enroll for college.
just figured out why only strong guys are supposed to put heavy things on top shelves, ouch!
saw the ucla bookstore...now convinced that every single major university has a better bookstore than    having fun so far!
_crazyangel oh noooo, did he not get through?
and now its raining
haha, yeah i meant mall! -winks back-
1/2 day tomorrow  carla coming over after school.
welcoming new #followers: , ,   ,  & . thanks for the love. tweet on!
love u!! and love mr. player! come visit me  i miss u girls
its awful breezy out here good thing they sold blankets!
i miss the concert tuesday already. i'd really like a time machine to go see it again... it was so fun...
need to dye my hair, can see a slight hint of ginger
_world lol! poor cubbies! brewers on a roll?? my rangers lost, but my leafs won!
its like 2 in the morning..sometimes i just don't know exactly what is best to do..but i will def. figure it out!  ...happy moms day!
home, getting ready to back to work on monday.  maternity leaves is up
hi serena just want to say good luck in madrid and paris this month
i got one too, but it was on a usb key without the fancy packaging
yeah...she passed last week.  so sad!
lol the sun is hiding hes having a lie in  hows you?
i knw maan! i was gonna say the same thing. we both would become omelettes and others would become chapathis
i just want to wish your mom a happy mothers day!
thank you for the re-tweet
_beanz **** sorry to hear that tina...
i want to! but im not over 18 and t&c says over 18's only  wanna make an exception for me ;)
hey we were doing the same thing this weekend! but it was for the kiddos...gotta love ikea
indo girl in thai traditional clothes being object for tourist at wat arun
whoa... if the alcohol won't get you buzzed... the price will
can't sleep. sucks. the one day i have to sleep in and i have to get up and go shopping with mom. ugh.
plans were taking flight to go out tonight but they're now sinking in the hudson since i have to work in he morning. stupid bird strike.
- me and my mom's cars were broken into.  i feel violated.
twas a good show. i even liked ciara's last song.   time for me to go to bed. g'night!
ugh!! why isn't infamous on xbox360!!!?? **** lame.. its only on ps3..
great stuff, can't wait to hear it!
hommmmmme! good day
just spent the day with bridget and a small thing that got wind and farted a lot - oh yeah, her baby! now slightly broody!
made it into leadership, buttt i'm still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend?
hi mel, if you feel unhappy just take a bit of fries but don't overdo.  if can help it don't
haha of course! that's my favorite album of all time
im so upset u were at us weekly my uncle works there but he apparently didnt know how big of a fan i am!
if anyone has a dreamwidth spare invite code lying around, could you please spare me one? pretty please?
i meant mamas
i have never seen wall-e. i am confused because i had no idea what you guys were talking about... hehe!  now i do though!
hey! that's about what ours was... for round 1. :/ round 2 next week...
woke up.. walked out of my room, and a bug flew in my eye
i don't want to work tomorrow. i don't feel good. haven't felt good in 4 days =/ my body needs rest but my mind won't slow down!
is not looking forward to the lsat
enjoying the great sunshine.. from indoors.. i don't feel good today
my stupid msn wont sign in
so guttered that ruby got eliminated from nzntm..  i'm all about supporting the locals. haha. hosanna better not win..!
[URL] - my mommys gummy mothers day posterrr!
one of my favorite quotes ever
had to give my 5 year old golden retriever away to another family today  #sad [URL]
go girl!! start your day out right...gotta love that!
you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! you won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear
thanks for the well wishes and hope ur day is also quite successful
updating to the latest version of adium now. what a great app!
happy #juddday everybody!
sitting outside with my laptop  its kinda nice
_lia should have grabbed some on the way to work
just home from work!!!!! need to continue packing. raerae is gone for the weekend.   mya and i are hanging out
speechless
ooh i know it, i can hold your hand
going down the post office to try and sort this whole ebay hacker thing
i thought when u go #2 your tummy is supposed to feel better not worse
[URL] - square b - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
getting a pedicure. i love these. my massage did not include a leg/arm/foot massage today.
my brain hurts
good night fellow twitterati. back to work tomorrow
i was awake 7 hours ago, should have checked twitter
just want to wish everyond a happy mother's day. hope it's a great one!
dagnamit, latest power twitter update is pants - no clickable links
i smashed my pinky in julia's car door... **** my life...
new neighbors are moving in.... off to give my brazil presentation that i shouldve given on wed!!! but some people went overtime
chilling at home
off work
you are clearly very busy  take care of yourself, and i am sure you will be fine; takes one to know one ;)
went to di bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   the person i needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb
i trailed the streets of sheffield and couldn't find the pub!  and all the numbers i had were landlines. how goes it?
dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house
sunday and mother's day!
[URL]   translate xmind to your language.
happy mothers day
happy mothersday btw! look at the bright side, you can chill all day today
bored... some vector ****... off to work after this class..
having fever  dont feel to work
i finished all my work!
no this is not redirects, this is just updating posts on our website massage.dk .. next item => publish, next item => pulish
we were so busy i didn't even get to talk with you!!  please tell me you got your lipstick?!
it's called a ripstick.  when i had a job i sold a lot of those...
sorry to hear.
hey boys, do you wanna see my teeth? (**** it, twitter donï¿½t wanna change my picture)
*hugs* me not sad really, me just messing
in the sun and changing my default icon just for you  what're your plans?
do you have a password for the san diego show? mine is not working
finished watching the movie 'mirrors'. i liked it but it really didnt do anything for me  5 out of ten i give it   // cool [URL] ...
_haze aww i^m sorry that ray wise has appeared on the show yet   , i watch  everyday except for friday its a best of aots.
they are, aren't they.
i looove guitars, and playing them. i think they sound magnificent. if only i was better... if only
poor little mba is on fire again
g'mornin
my mind automatically wakes up at 7. huge fail -- it's summer!  good morning nonetheless. gonna get ready for work now.
i gotta do my assignments tomorrow  omg mackillop has swine
_bhb i went to that concert and i remember derek and mark were hosting! i miss seeing bhb  at the grove.
it's been hectiv runny around after the women but goof  just making them both a surprise now
monday mornin', back to work today. good thing i live my job.
throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk
this is my new college project, i just wanted to share it  hey mr bartender - college project [URL]
ugggh. its so nice out! i don't want to be working with back-up dancers.
did u try taco n mac n cheese pizza???? i'm so cravin it right now but all the good food makes me sick
ping pong tomorrow
mum's day - ended up being happy  not that it's my day or anything....
haha check out our site its got some good ones too
sounds like the very best sort of work then! jenni seems lovely,so nice to hear that she is when meeting 'in the flesh' too!
gettin ready for school my new converse come in today!
with my baby drinking. god i love her
the sun burned me today....my arms look angry  party tonight tho babes! woop!
_nicole wow you are lucky  happy birthday!
vineri...nimic special sau probabil un alt weekend pierdut...
western digital caviar black 1tb sata 300 ncq 32mb on the way...
if i make some madeleines, i need to have a bake sale or something. god. boredom needs to = something other than baking
i want one  wanna give me one? ;)
ah helping my friend move and will defo be having a well deserved pint after it that's for sure
is clamped out...haha
...and omg whats this dirty letter from danny everyones been on about? its absolutely none of my business but i still feel left out lol
: ''ub40-'bring me your cup'''  ? [URL]
i wish gm stock would turn around at 80 cents a share i would be willing to buy some...if i knew it would do something
thank you - if you like please leave a comment and subscribe!   chicago another great musical.  thanks for your support.
how is it, is it good?  _flora
tv is shite,thank god for youtube
anychance you can get matthew to give a shout out to my mum sarah for mothers day! we saw 'ghosts from girlfriends past today'
absolutely ...
im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
likewise. but i don't know anyone who uses gtalk and the likes so i'm not holding much hope
back @ work, migraine lingering   can't wait for the weekend!
you're gonna wear pink outfits??? i assume she bought it for you
going to look in the refrigerator for a taste snack to eat
so treat your mom's like queen's cuz they are
i wish i had a 12hr nap!!  lets talk rachel into getting one of these now.. lol
of course its not coming to boise
my boss is in las vegas on the 14th a.p.p. conference.......pfff
although, there is drama, move forward, smile, and count your blessings everyday. your actions speak volumes, sooo inspiring
so far absolutely perfect. great view, directly across from the elevators and ice machine and impecible weather. i need my bike.
_rigby well my neck hurts from moving out  you massage me, i massage u?! lol!
tweet often and it'll draw followers to you
_trick it's all good  the next 6 months are going to be awesome.
[URL] - this has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. i think i've broke my battery again
woke up at 5am. cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. should really go back to sleep, but kids awake.
lol yea the fondue is on point... but that chocolate lava cake is what you really want...but i wont be here   im mon-fri babes!
new phone isn't syncing with my computer...i need numbers
what makes me sad is when i follow someone i converse with and have similar bios, but they don't follow me back!
i keep on falling asleep when i'm suppose to be awake. i miss my babyy..
i love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore
im so down! the ac in my house just broke
yes, soak it up for sure. it's gonna be fast n furious. only one show this year  more reason to revel in the moment.
had a great day, apart from the fact that i bought a usb hub and as soon as i plugged it in, it broke!!!!    **** you tesco!!!!!!
ah remember the days when you'd sleep in until noon? well guess who did that today? god i feel like a loser
waitin for some fall out boy
her new cd is lovely.
'the weather outside is weather' hahah made me feel better
just got home from the sunshine coast
headin home...refreshed my mind and soul justa lil bit...bac to reality.
'locked up abroad' makes bein half brown good risk mgmt when travelin 3rd world. i blend. i feel sorry for my hostage magnet white pepo
_ more than youl ever no ! !! ! !!   ****
hehehehe oh i love the purate english sooo much
really not feelin well...
...hey danny .. did u run already ???    hope you have a good day ;)   i love you !!!!
what's going on ?
i was, i took your advice and it was most enjoyable  i am too small to be out alone or i would've just come over lol
hey  what's up?
pooof .nirvana. did that work?  [URL]
just got back from baby sitting. it went well.
yeah i've been going there for the last month!!  so amaaaazing, i'll bring some back for you
oh i had lots put on my desk during those years  i guess if they've done it to you then it would be ok to do it back lol
aw. wasn'**** sad?! give ginger a little pat on the head for me!  mwah!
you might have too. one of them accused you guys to being 'one sided' on the issue. they're getting way, way out of hand.
alredy had my chocolate  it is impossible to resist ;)
feeling nauseous and can't sleep.
is super stressed!
have you managed to breathe since getting the news?
ugh, i hate 90 degree weather
oh hey, look, north korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us.
i just had the weirdest dream ever and can't see because owi credo is too brighi. but i hate guys
happy birthday, david
just finished some sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of kiyosaki's book so i can hire a cleaner
how about suse?
i'm surrounded by negativity good thing there is a fly guy to give me hope that there is something better  thank u jesus
i think i messed up my back, its been like this all day
is @ the pantry
the commies at their finest: youtube and blogger are blocked in china. no updates from us while we are in china.  but great wall conquered
awww  don't do this to meee haha now you're gonna make me saddd
_you ah! haha that's exciting. if i ever come to australia we are definitely gonna have a movie night, fyi
trouble is i don't think any of this is helping my wrists.
it's the start of a new week with tons of new photos to take and edit  yay!!
so early??
think it may be time for a  lemsip soon, having a cold really sucks
i could have! i had extra tickets. plus we had two twitter giveaways  we'll get you next time.
hangin with the fam! my head is hurtin
the step show was fantabulous! (hi  !) my sis's group won 2nd in their division and 2nd in the show overall! whoo!
[URL] thats what im making for dinner very yummy
god opened the clouds and said i hate you josh
and yet i couldnt get a pic it wasnt allowed, then i won passes to their carpet of the 3d premiere no pic still wit them
- so sweet  why aren't you out livin' it up this saturday night?
i wish i was still in my jams
they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are not the only reason people have to vomit, assholes
going to bed, night all
[URL] -  girrrrrrrrlll i'm going to miss you so bad!!!!
. haha i want another bagel. i have all this blueberry cream cheese left and no more bagel
just dropped my biscuit in my tea
you know when your make late night calls to india team members for more pictures, your struggling with your message.  thanks .
lotsa water. it's already dark out
getting rained out @ the devon horse show.  *head desk*
tiny phd's will do, because those bigger than me keep taunting me
seriously underrated.. 'porridge', the best breakfast in the world... ever. doesn't need to be gloopy, as long as it is made just right
in this exact moment i have decided that in some point in my life.. i am going to adopt a child
sick daddy  send prayer his way
wow,that must be sooo cool
_benson loved the #macaramber!!!
i am sick, very sick, sore throat and flu
what are we doin!!?? tell me! tell me!
didn't know the statue in the venetian was a real man and screamed so loud everyone laughed
thanx peeps 4 following me
_tina @_adriii guys  i am literally going to sydney in the june/july hols. can we meet? i wanna try one of those lindt cafes!
i don't know what to write anymore! my mind must be tired. it's past midnight here already. do a tour in the philippines?
gone to the shiggity shwa. back sunday.
just got back from the bbq, i got sunburn on my legs, well sore
i'm the heir to the over draft
hahahahah!! 04 would be the chief contributors. lol.
it often pays to wait
imagine i would say'bitch!' lol if i were ma d! haha but im not cuz ur cool
no go on the bro down tonight for brett
seen u a couple of times. liked it
feels really sick. just puked my guts out.    help, please.
in a meeting discussion colour of bikeshed
pouring outside.. cleaning out my locker.. my bookbag is heavy and my back and arms are killing me
i try soo hard toget what i want.. & i always end up having a goose egg..
being a fan is certainly not about being attractive. but, if you like the pink, to each their own  #canucks
voting for you hope you are voting for me i am now a white blank with my name  mr twitter and funniset
*bows* glad to be of service
it was me the whole time i did a ton of things so u would believe me but u wouldn't listen or let me prove it. or blve me
off to finish the book 'nudge' then going to write some
no one to rub it in
ha ha - how much?  thanks for starting to follow me.
ok its official i'm old! at least i feel likewise old & tiredd & wasted!!
**** dude... dia 06, 20 e 27 eu tenho curso na drc  flash expert...
wow! ever notice that some twitters have thousands of followers, yet they only follow a handful (actually, less than two hands) of peeps.
ohyeahhh  hate the heat!  [URL]
ordered a new computer! unfortunately it won't get here until the end of june.
you make me smile....it will get better, you have to believe that
at work  closing files
we expect one man band to be released sometime next week
i really ought to pay more attention to my phone tweets... sure! the more moives the better.
whoops - i got sunburnt
'perfect practice makes perfect'
just woke up  shopping today for my birthday....kinda
_thompson u may need this pill...i think u are crazy...here take on of mine
heading to xs with nadia!! yeee!
never tried to ftp to s3, but i use fireftp (firefox browser addin) ... no mention of s3 support on their site though.
damnnn this day came to fast, but i cherished all the moment i had
i dont care what kind of graphics or engines video games have nowadays. they are nothing compared to the oregon trail and carmen sandiego
hmmm thinking about taking back that i feel better this morning - i think i spoke to early
dang need to go to cousins and i didnt upload all the videos  now i need to do it later!
hurt my left knee somehow last night, hurts to walk
night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this ****
selfupdate and clean ruby fixed that part but now its failing on rb-rubygems
shopping with  beckyyy . going to starbucks in a minute.
all pugged in and ready to go. device updates on, so feel free to bombard me at any time.  time to actually get something done.
back from the gym, just checkin' email. gonna go watch an old movie or something. it's a little cool out to sit outside and read!
i like your new profile pic. very cute
@__emilyy you guys are the bomb haha
just got back from seeing star strek
haha we just say two weeks, but please do continue with the bre it's great
lol trying to take after her old man eh? good for her! hehehe very cute!
what fun!  i got retweeted by a bot
no. its a bug  in coding. go into the forum then do reg. let me know if that work!
that's family for you  imna crash, woke up 630 3 days in a row....lol
thanks!
just getting an additional free day
great day. and another one awaits
happy mother's day!  hugs~
missed iron chef
_cullen10 that's so nice to hear  i love you, you're my best friend and my sister *hug u*
hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i'm listening to varsity fanclub surprise surprise  sway sway baby is awesome
guys... a serious question. which song do you like most of all your cds? be honest! i know you won't reply me  <333 maria
[URL] - niceee  hey i never get stickersss
is revisingg
in about 2 hours from now i will find out how good the star trek film from j.j. really is. a ticket costs 9 euro and i hope its worth it
man i cant belive that you did what you did? everything does not look as good as it is..
i feel 5 pounds lighter
so much work !
holllaaa.. i dont know what ur up doing but im trying to finish up some work for school... bout to go to bed though
yeeh. i also have a thing for drummers  basically, all guys have 2 do is play an instrument or sing and im all theirs :p
i'm craving something salty in my mouth!  tired of pretzels tho.
yw, it gets really hot there in the middle of the summer like 110+ but right now its perfect! and less then an hour away.
indeed, we live a life on the edge of things, and one foot foul of the law!!
[URL] - haha, his heads bigger than yours! awwwh, lol
45 minutes until im off from work. i guess i'll go back to work in 15 minutes. it's slow today thank god for one of those days
oh no! :| no more celebrity ding dong for ages
#bgt aw bless her, my stomach sank when she first whimpered but good on her for trying to carry on. that's nice of simon to take charge.
happy mothers day to all motherssss!  <3333
please don't forget us
new toys.
if it doesn't work out drop me a line. i would love to talk with you more about this
i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss
damnit i didn't  but neither did you so win!
its what i say why!!!! k4ge last day at the job today  we wont be saying him around anymore
wow officially i have no life this month! lol my friends dont believe me when i say they need to book in advance!
finally finished that topic. quick revision break, then on to how far did heath change the conservative party?
flordia- and - where do u send in the pictures of the shrits? saw ur update on facebook
not so good at remembering to do this twitter thing, sorry everybody! i leave for tibet today...with a head cold
harley passed away in december 2008  [URL]
i sooooooooooooooooo need to see u  im on some bs 4real deadass lmao
just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover
there are some great honey based recipes for you & the kids to download  at -  [URL] - join in the fun for honey week
mmm - btw i was just talking to you & you were gone.  2.95%
sadly i am bprohibiting myself from tweeting tonight. sorry
sounds good. 'this patch was brought to you by ...'
it's not much better than instant.
far too sick to sing.  i've got a post nasal drip and a sore throat, just sent my sorry i won't be there email
how fun!  where is the twitpic! i had purple hair once...
i know.     #hhrs
still working in the database and trying to decide what i want to eat.
making pork stir-fry and brown rice for dinner.
oh men..not in the mood  i'll go home tomorrow..wanna be w/ my family..its my birthday
last day at dma over!     a million sad faces.
any ideas, tempat apa yang paling cocok? jupiter seru juga
yes otherdad   wait, do i go back to sleep or cause mischief?
ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed
is working allll weeekend
_com ohhh got it. it's the 8830 i think  i miss the pistons  i really hope joe d cooks up something big!
i didnt win  but i will continue to try keep giving away those fabulous watches cant wait to win1
i think i may cry. i just sold my 97 civic. its no longer mine.
i hadn't realised how long it had been since i was last 'tweeting'... now i'm on here i don't know what to say  x
have an amazing time with your mommas tomorrow! show them how much they mean to you  whatever you do they will love it
caww that sounds good, i hope you're right
_mandm helaas.. en thanks!
one lactose pill is not enough for coffee....oopse
we tried to dm you but your not following us
48 days till brighton
so you have to call the customer care .. or try to enter any wrong pw and see the result , is it 'invalid user name or password' ?
woohoo!!!  my broom isnt up to standards....there is no seatbelt on mine....*whispers*  i like the swiffer...
i have to admit at being a colin firth groupie at this point.
wassup beautiful!!! follow me!!  peep out my new hit singles www.myspace.com/ipsohot i def. wat u in the video!!
_of_the_dead i met a stranger just 10 min ago. he was stalking me at the store
aw her latest ' selenagomezlast day of shooting... goodbye canada. '
no, a-ha is unfortunatelly from norway. we have a big family happening and therefore we need some old hits
it takes nearly 2 days to figure out what causes the mic problems at #euruko: do not hold the mic at the bottom!
and he's not even fat!!!! huh, ? he's just friggin huge!  i have a freak.
raining...  i missed the rain so much...  i am grateful for it ;)
me and the calculator made lots of little algebra babies today
but then you might end up like that poor bus driver...  and, this is kinda weird, but i wish i was there today! :o
happy mothers day to all the mom's on there!!
it's about to rain!!
i'm a jerk...  now i can't go out    dammit frank, why do i suck so bad?
good morning twitts! another gloomy day in nyc!
last day off... back to work tomorrow
hey, it's good to see you here! will now follow you. would be nice to have a photo!
time to reissue all  albums on vinyl!  yesss! that would be fab! fab! fab!
_j9 jess just posted some hawt pics on the board j ... u should check them out...
has some bad newss
now going to watch the brand new episode of 'the hills'  cant wait!!
anytime..  why ya gonna be up so late?
_hope why?
im am going to send some twits to some folk...............
_diaz i did notice more men with kids in stores on sat.i am heading to church and sing in the choir in the 1st & 2nd services.
i am so glad it's friday. i just got off work and i'm so tired.
the archetype thing was for a comm. class that studied archetypes in popular media. reading your links now, thanks
worried for my cousin and her son
is watching big brothes big quiz    ,       rather tiredd    , but downloading a dvd so have to wait till finished till i can go to bed
happy star wars day!!! may the 4th be with you!
tweeeeeet! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day
warm and wet  spent the day carpet cleaning the yacht
with red who is blue
talk at you all lates!
had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on monday for 2 hours!!!!!!!
no loic, you need to build in a scheduler that lets us post while we sleep
stu is actually severly sunburnt....it hurts!!!
ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv...
everythings fine now
going to a garden centre today. should be funn :/ currently drinking egyptian spice tea and watching hollyoaks
nat has a twitter acct!
-- i won't feel guilty and like i should be revising stuff after today, haha
these days have been looking better better betterrrrrrrr.
happy mother's day!  [URL]
monday morning . lets whip out some code today
ouch... head hurts
there is a sadness in the air at school  but i got two awards!!
oh goody - it's doctor who! hooray for iptv
i need monies.  school is expensive.
i really haven't got the hang of these hash tags have i?
dougie poynter replyed to me
mark twain quote is spot on, my cat is a bugger when it comes to crime! handy at times
won't be able to manage 3 nights babe, have lil ones depending on me here!!  ****
so lathargic... definitely need today to rest. sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to
such a long day, heading to bed  . iloveyou <3
making more muffinsss, wheat jerm aannndd psyillium husk
craving coffee
i am trying to figure out how to use twitter
- i can do 'nana' or 'nana rocks' for you in rhinestones & do printed onesies for them 'my nana loves me'
_ that's why twitter rocks!
yeah for sure
*huggles* i don't see all the replies right away, and my boss is hovering today. and i'm feeling pissy about life
head hurts bad
*bows*  i try...sometimes it is hard
was always told to keep sucking something like fruit gums
well, it was very inspirative day. there's no room for design in todays schedule, so i'm heading to bed
im up  ..going to work!
am happy to provide backup support for all murderous rampages
getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb
going to woodland hills  gna swim and drink. makin the best of a good day. yee
hey tom, i'm happy that you're enjoying brazil, but i'm sad cuz i'm not goin to see you in your show
good nite everybody!  <:baby boy:>
has finally finished emulsioning the bathroom. now for gloss work
in rye..happy mothers day mums  ily mummy  lol
oh how i miss my truck... i could have my whole place moved by now...
trying to watch lost online very annoying and slow...the internet not lost
already missing my biddy bops  home at mom's for the night watching my little bro and getting some rest for my birthday party tomorrow :-d
totally  plain and simple.. i hate all thoes bridezilla shows.. if i was the groom i'd be running far far away!
today seems like it should be a good day! even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
i miss you
playing board games!!!
no more wiffleball..  ****.
happy mommas day . ging is so lucky to have a momma like u  enjoy ur nite! luv ya
is feeling a bit lonely
holla happy early mother's day
imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!****
i used to love you lol...so awesome...i knew you'd have an 'experience' last night
thanks! will check next time i'm in target. it's over an hour away
there's a guy in my house so i can't go downstairs with no pants
going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight!
[URL] -  he's well cooool ;) lovve the ro&co shoooow
ot! ot! ot!
*cough cough hack hack
um, i think what i will miss the most is.. jay leno!!!!!!!!
hott as africa lol yeah its hot here too and its a big storm here
aww sorry ot hear that  least its work though!
i follow him now
they frown on us googling alcohol at work
bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the  half and god the rest .well despite recession things are fkin costly
yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down
dido 'us 2 little gods' [URL] 'just this moment/ let it all stop here/ i've had my fill'...words that make you panic...
they closed all three locations.
aww.. thanks bro!  glad i got u active on twitter!
i had recommended harney & sons ([URL] from where i order much of my tea, i think.
good morning! it's been a while since i've 'talked' to you   - keep up the awesome tweets.
i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition!
if only my writing wasn't so scrub.
you poor thing  hang in there. -****- luf joe
in the mood for shrimp scampi but i don't have vermouth.
feeling really sick  watching the fifth element, and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!
working working and working at www.redirlanda.es. many hours spent but it worth!! letï¿½s make red irlanda big
because you saved the frog. i thought i replied to that so it would make sense. so how does twitter work?  gehts abi gut?
_meaway i'm sorry hon  i know how it feels though...i'm usually crazy but at a family gathering i'd probably hold back like that also
and other girls come over... and my boyfriend forgets that i'm here
really wish i could have gone to  this weekend
it wont let me vote even tho im signed in
heyy its ur bday?!!happy birthday!
that is a good pic  all the guys looked good yesterday tho..don't ya think?
getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! next week i will officially be in 4th year
off to church now...
at the dmv
squirrel! where? i hate squirrels
going off bc is making me break out.
i'm not too bad. just trying to get by so i can live the dream and rule the world.   saving up for a super hero costume.
i am not happy at all
i miss my water cuz my well went dry
getting ready to shop  birmingham here i come
ahhh i'm engulfed in shooooes. who told me to buy so maany **** shoes
' ...not academically of course. ' i miss him already
just saw the new star trek movie. it was so good!! zachary quinto is amazingggg
sushi joint was closed  but still had a nice lunch w/ angel!
yes. need to listen to sad sp-songs
i want to go see up
[URL] it's the frog who's been attacking chelsey..lol! funny
'dream of a better world because it's coming' -someone could live off of those words dude
dev.java.net : the slowest website
i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening
rele doesnt want to leave lfpa.
why would u get in trouble with me, i did not follow the logic sorry
looking forward to having dinner with family and friendsss! happy mothers day to all the moms out there!
agree completely. it's all about attitude & chutzpah
morning all. it's monday. sigh. trying to have a positive outlook on the day, but it's being difficult already.
well poop.  looks like the office doesn't have the keys.  i don't have the keys.  neighbors don't have the keys.   bike rides from now on.
now i have no sky until monday
congratulations  xo
has got grass all over him
thought i was going to have a fun day
needs a new job either closer to home or worth the drive
waking up at ungodly hours to go to work is starting to get old but at least the coffee is good
i'm  yaoo, not  sonnnny
popping out to see samson and delilah this arvo, hear it is good
it's fun to see that glimpse of your life
in a rush....   lunchtime anyway
yeah... and neither of them are in huntsville   i would so quit both of my jobs here for one job there.
i don't like to see you like this...  there must be something to make you smile...
_dam haha, that would be cool. brianna and i should fly over there  haha
it was amazing!!! had the best time  hope you had a good weekend too.
did crossfit running today...agitated my right leg
i think it's less of a tribute and more of a parody.
[URL] how about some celtic up in our lives?
can't wait 2 hand in work tomorrow then im practically finished for the year  yay!!!!!!!
happy mother's day to all to all the wonderful moms out there.  -matalatine
i wish i knew someone down there who could hook us up.   a friend told me once that they got crappy seats for a show in chi
glad you like!
_shiny thanks for the heads-up. you're an hour ahead of me here.
oh, that said, the sellout was a fluke. it turns out the projector was broken.   i still think the film is bloody good times, tho.
tat psp! its ma fathers name. hw did it end up in ma userid? long story..  'vishnupsp' is ma user id for almost all sites.
just woke up and washed up, i have class @ 10 till 11 then chillin in g building with my nigguhs. then my bby is coming over @ 3:30!  ilh?
had a awesome day!
sweeny todd is an awesome movie, the best
yay, so the nekkid writing is working then?you keep warm now! am in awe of the 6k - am always cactus by 5. good luck
wow, almost got involved in this big fight at school!  ah, but anyways text me? going to causin's house, plus game crazy.
didn't know you were on twitter! coming to the show tomorrow?? lorraine can't make it
my dog ran awayyy
internet is painfully slow today
i'm on mobile web and it won't let me  it looks awesome though....and no one reads my tweets anyway.
has made herself officially unavailable to her best friend
i know, pero available na yata eh. sa singapore, though!
congrats on your new phone!
_la_mania i have no mask to  whoooops
i was thinking that too this morning. don't worry it soon passes
sport-day with charlotte
endlessly fascinated by the dual engine monitor in this cab. then it reminds me of #sustainability fail . sorry next gen.
needs my mommy  [URL]
that's what i like to hear. i am unabashedly not cool. that's what makes me so cool byw  #logic
woman, follow me
packing up my desk
as a nj native, i thank u
sweet usb at charles and marie site, just bought it  [URL]
gah... why is my macbook pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing?
21 days away from being evicted
****. now you have to cover the whole purse with those so it looks like a pattern.
i was ment 2 c u tonyt but my frend was l8 n wen we got ther they wernt letin priority tickets in!  i'll def be aplyin agen tho!
spending qt with the hubby
fever of 103. awesome. my tonsils are so swollen i can't even eat solid food. still on location  the pictures rule though
wishing warped tour came to london canada.....
i shrunk my favourite cardigan.  hubby said he'd buy me a new one. i practically lived in it and it's gone. i shall say a few words ;)
this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
it does but that game doesn't.
hello, im good thank you - tottaly tired, been working lots today...tottaly shattered!  what about u
really wanted to go to that gig tonight
happy mama's day to all mothers
..but did i mention spending time with two bffs .. totally worth it
very cute and pretty
see you on may 16!!
oh dear - boyle is staying ...
can you send ringtones to iphones?! idk how to regular ringtones for it
morning twitties! heading to college, just back from the docs, god i'm hungry  streching my ears again today! 10mm ;) payday i love you!
sleeping in my own bed tonight... at home!!
houstatlantavegas, sooner than later, nov. 18th, a night off, successful . over and over for the last 2837 hours - heavennn
i look forward to that. if u ever write 5 things a misanthrope must do to be at peace w humanity i'm up for that as well
is at work
in rural #thailand, 2630 is considered posh
i feel your pain man, people say it's really good but i don't have the money to waste on a ps3
i'm really full and i feel sick
happy mother's day to ms. pat carey
just got home from another wonderful night
celebrating the fact that norwich city got relegated yesterday.  seems like myself and the awfully nice mr fry are football rivals!
needs water, paper towels and coke from the store but feels too sick to go get it
more beans on toast for breakie! gotta clean my room and study for final cisco exam, then watch #lost . can't wait!
i accidently dropped it & now the screen is all messed
is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting
work today
sigh  how are you?
go to school :/ reviens ï¿½ 15h30
ah good idea. library seems to work  thats why i'm not there obviously.
hehee!! yea its supposed to sound mean.. hahhaa
correction: 'facetious' not 'sarcastic.' apologies.  oh, and happy mother's day!
[dashboard - modest mouse] first modest mouse blip! oyay, not bad.  ? [URL]
i'm only telling the truth..... you know you have skills
i'll be back on it later today, got plenty of gold, but willing to help you out, if you need anything at all
besides when u come and visit ill have more room for u!
yeah i checked it, pretty nice site
that's what i tell everyone! their food is the worst! no one understands my horror.
my beautiful lil cousin  is going to prom today...sad  i can't be there..but i know shes gonna look beautiful as always...
omg! it's the famous amanda woman person thingy!  hugs all around!
about to go on 6 hour journey home
gonna get off to try and catch some z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn.. [URL]
where you ladies off to?
shoping till you drop david..haha..enjoy your day
_club wished i could have been there last night. sounds like it was rocking! can't wait to see pix or vids
off to dinner with  & his fam.
'i will stumble.. i will fall down... but i will not be moved  '
sitting in traffic while my car gets rained on. just washed it on sunday. doesn't the weather know this is california?
i'm at my saddest right now. i lost my mobile phone earphones. waz feels a little incomplete and i feel the same
omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail
you obviously havent seen my mrs first thing in a morning
that's sucky. we'll miss you being on.
cant sleep again! been up for ages...
tryin to figure all this out!! lol
i selected 4 people today out of my list. out of 300 or so i picked the 4 that made me laugh!
looks like the nap will have to wait. i'm still waiting on the poor guy
happy mama's day ladies!  have a good day.
last time in the drama room
is house bound with acute mumps  bad times.... whole day ov supernatural me thinks  x
is there anything brian or i can do?
going to  for lunch today with . who's in? i still need to hit the atm.
ill check that out
says morning.  [URL]
hi : found you through . i am indeed a pigment of your imagination
yeah, i'm not really feeling it either. of course, i don't like the movie line, i wish that we were getting more animated.
we were close to trying all of them! so yummy
catching up on my teevee shows.
just watched the goode family premiere online... and i think this may be the last episode i watch. it's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
i know you would be successful. and you're just starting. you would do great in the coming years. good luck to you
i hope so, recorded the pit/was game to find out it didnt record... lucky it wasn't the leafs, i woulda lost it by now
_wockeez i wish i can go. but i'm not in us
have to wait till friday to pick up my visa for china- not as expedited as i would have hoped, but at it's done   #geeksonaplane
tell me about it
bad day. history test tommorrow. and i want to go out in the sun and play..
yup - working away hard! busy busy busy
its been a fun afternoon for me trying though....bbq's out now though...feeling a bit sick
heey  your awsome. god bless.
wow! up, coffee in hand and already outside.  so peaceful on sunday mornings.
justin timberlake + snl = awesome ... dude should just become a regular
hey chick!  when are we going to ja to pick up some hot guys and eat jerk pork and festival? well you already have a hot guy
i miss my mom..  'may angels lead you in'
my apartment is emptying out more & more each day.. so sad.. last week at 2000
any others jobs like this available? sounds like a great experience. direct message if you know of any others.
and now they are one. to become a bigger pain.
@_hayles are u serious???? you touched his ****? ohmygod u ****!!! lol aaaaawwwwwww y did u tell me that!!!
come on, leave gretel alone now  i liked her doing the #logies
well, someone told me it's only there for two weeks  i'm going again next week with a friend in school time :p ...
_pickle lol, thank you very much hope you're having a great day!
you seem cool
has horrible toothache, and had only a wink of sleep  ****
can't change my profile or settings
are you call that winning?
a little bit of good news.
alright cool. see you tomorrow  thank you!
being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!!
last day in exeter! had last session in gym, last breakfast.. last meeting coming up
twitter wont change anything  twitter, what the heck is wrong with you???!!
hmmm...the one restaurant/one grocery is sad. not the dukbolgi.
listening to the man who cant be moved <3 i just love the connection with gw  doing dutch and might do some art later.
i love pink, and i don't care. today i shall not tweet as i have to hardcore work with jamie! have a nice day everyoneeeee  xxxxxxloser
show was amazing. so cold out now  hope i can give victoria my card and get my dvds back ;) ha
in greenville for one of the last times.  will be moving to md soon. we'll be back eastern carolina.
from portugal to derbyshire. at least sun is shining but lawn looks like percy thrower is gardner-in-residence! weekend jobs =
facebook won't load for me.  **** it, i'm bored.
watching my new season eleven dvd
_cullen10 i wish you were here with me right now
yeah, we're on our way home
going to funeral today for friend and classmate who died in a car wreck last friday
bubbletweet hates me
will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that
done with my drew and jayk handmade gifts now watching old menudo vids
what a fantastic saturday
had a shower. it's 5:55 pm. triple 5's! ****, it just turned 5:56
will you uh, marry me?  haha just kidding. kind of. you're hot though. just so you know.
we travelled the world & i grew up on a diet of everything you can think of! still, my genoese grandma made her own pasta....
plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. **** ****
i have twitter, sooo i'm pretty **** cool now
nothing  let's stay quiet together. ps: did you cry?
oof. perhaps it's time to start a #moronmonday shout-out meme
and it is raining in denver. of course it is
get my **** out the door and go to work   i'm goin, i'm goin!!!!
pretty sure i'm sat on the wrong train going the wrong way... bah!
yeeeeah...i am so much better off, i think!
has had a nice long nap  [URL]
& i got too much work to do
_pingpong oh, so no male strippers then?  lmao
omg, i'm a murdere! i accidently just killed a spider
now i've got 3 new frens-frm germany,mexico n france  havin dinner 2gather 2nite.
download movie  '81st annual academy awards pre-show' [URL] cool #movie
exhausted and sick... my face is greenish
_whincop too complex and too much to consider on a day like today. monday off. my brain is back tomorrow
is it true there won't be any fantastic 4 sequels?  i wished they introduced a franklin richards character... will they?
ugh im so tired and i hardly did anything but play with my niece, im goin to bed goodnight eveyone! <3
yï¿½n tï¿½m, sang n?m s? th?y **** m?c tr?n tinh twitter tr? l?i lï¿½ thï¿½ng , th?ch sanh nh? lï¿½m quiz mï¿½ c??i ???c cï¿½ng chï¿½a
gooooooooood im not a complete nut case then
all new implementation of test discovery for unittest. this time in a loader. good start i think.   [URL]
ooh, i love sweet potato fries! we should definitely go.
im gone miss ya'll lol.don laugh im serious.its bittersweet. lookin forward 2goin home but cant wait till nx semester!
_vegetable me 2
told verizon not to send anyone before 11. he showed up at 10. gotta deal with this **** now, dunno how long i'll be offline.
lol i feel like drunk right now...
didnt say goodnight to you
[URL] << i chose the wrong career
i think i have h1n1...     or maybe just a cold.
is there a way i can sleep for the next 8 or 9 days? that way when i wake up, she'll have returned & i wouldn't have missed her so much!
yeah *fingers crossed*
night nurse!! :s
#happy mother's day euch allen
i want a copy to read! i can't find it at my little library.  #bea09
im salaried so i don't make any more or less no matter how many hrs i work.  comes with the territory i suppose.
who'd have thought wallace & gromit and the team behind monkey island could have combined so disastrously?
i have tried. he doesn't want to listen. i don't know what to do anymore. i just feel like he doesn't care anymore
ah.  i just found it weird because it's my screen name  name of war and all that jazz
wheres my phone ?!
she lives!  you were so twitter quiet after the race. recovering or celebrating?  ps. #20 fem. in your 1st marathon wow!
that little girl on bgt! how sad! i cried  lol xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
_girl girl, those are bangin' shoes!!!  work it!
they changed the way golden gaytimes are made. they used to be awesome.
@_jayytee yea i knw
friends romans and country men lol ppl need 2 help me out and say i have twitter i dont have any friends   loner loner la da da
thanks, mandy!  what a good sister you are.  that may be true, but unfortunately my road tires can't say the same.
i hate thunder and lightning!
cleaning my room and listening to britney.
im feeling the burn of the last 4 days..gonna chill play xbox and watch stuff all day
[URL] - sad day!  what a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
home sweet home  sleeping until monday i hope.
i'm stuffed n can't move
working out and watching snl
you're not singing in the rain?
okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.
i think they are disgusting
and i fell asleep 10 minutes into the saget roast.
_union don't let anyone run you away from anything
sky diving was aaaaaawwwesome!!!! kinda bored now though
would *you* pay $60k for a lunch with oscar de la renta?  i don't see her hitting east village shops, do you?
_foster just so i can see how they look with the other icons. both themes btw.
is phone **** with tyson
its ok. im juz curious
well im hving another one today yey
cheers for that! will have a look at that later and hopefully get sorted!
read twilight and new moon keen to read eclipse and breaking dawn hmm twilight was better then new moon but there still awesome
3 hours sleep last night, all of my being wants to crawl into a ball somewhere and sleep for about 5 more hours. at work till six too
but i'd have to drive  or get a taxi. do you have a pool table/jukebox?
cant get onto twitter on the internet
thanks for the follow! isafailure was supposed 2 b a team thing, but my friend hasn't emailed me or communicated n 4ever
mostly just going to work and then update my twilight blog  basically, that's my life. is it sleeptime for you?
shawty next to me like hella good oowwwww
'just' - [URL]
tomorrow is mother's day! what did you get for your moms?! if you don't have a gift, just tell her that you love her.
in all honesty...pain   blech.
i miss you sweetie!
arghhh so annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks & given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! i can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! expensive
time-warner? talk about aol. we did our presentation on warner bros.
housemate saw angel & demons last night, but left me at home. was looking forward to seeing that  wanted 2 reminise [URL]
that sucks!
just got done discing, found two discs in the last two days. solid.  wish  would treat my koozie better and not throw it around
just going to shower. brb in 10 mins or so
actually i'd prefer a rum or gin but don't have have any as i've preferred them too much previously
gonna nap n chill then probably go to the movie later. ugh i have a headache this sux ****. cloudy day too
yeh. merch shopping to look fab.
now i'm awake i can't get back to sleep
aww preciate the loves hunnie
finally back in bed with my puppies after a long week in jamaica. loved it, but lve to be home too!! night
i'm the same way, but with backstreet boys. i remember gasping when they used 1 song on chuck  i was like o.o omfg no way
i guess that's true!
i got to feel the belly, but not the baby.
searching apartments in kaohsiung. will go seeing the apartments on next tuesday. haven't found a good one with reasonable rent...
the weather is so ugly n l.a... it's really cold
iphone sdk & i are going to become friends today. even if it kills me
happy mothers day mark
if you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
you're right about the duckies  thanks for being such a big help with wrapping & writing up!
lame right?  do u know what dates you'll be in cali?
part 2: social networking??.. there is even room for people
_l_s how was the game? unfortunately, teh cavs lost  i'm sure you had fun though
no worries, good news are good to spread
yes, actually, i am. when i'm home, moms does the laundry & i do the babysitting. she broke something that didn't need 2 b fixed
not this part, unfortunately.
i don't feel good
home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook
64 degrees would be a dream. it's 75 in boise still.
fkkk at the nurses coughing up my lungs
is really sad that shes missing critical mass
i guess it's easier said than done for some people.....myself being one of them unfortunately
heyy!  told me to follow u, whatsup?
graduates college on saturday
_ yeeeee  haha. the funniest thing is when dudes that cant ball bring their hot gfs along so they can watch them get murked!
i really wish i could convince brandon to move somewhere like that. all he wants to do is move to lexington.
ar work bored...hope tiff gets here soon then the fun can start
aw u can't let me in on the secret!
aw you are and you're welcome
it's going to be a good week
eh, you're a really nice girl   how are you? miss youuuuuuu
finally having my cup of coffee!!!
when you think about it, the way god works in tremendously, amazing -- he made it possible for me to get my card holder that i lost back.
_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in la!  enjoy socal! ahahaay! lol
i know... sometimes it's just letting go of it all for a while that makes the difference, eh?
wales here i am! 1st 2 weeks away in wales. but idk if the guys at school really like me...
crazy kids won't nap!  i think it's the heat... and i still have to tell them that they can't go to grandma's cuz she's sick
mit bookstore has best book selection, but it's the one bookstore i have no coupons or discounts for
this is a status update to twitter from ice  timestamp: sun may 10 10:57:44 cest 2009
i widddd but i'll be on a bus to london    & also
i burnt my arm.  (just thought you should know)
cool rite?
_laurie your dad is a superman for pulling through! take it easy
in the uk with no phone service  oh yea and still sick (cough, sniff)
thats great babe!! congrats!!
lmfao!!! yea anyone?? please?? we're really pretty!!!
hmmm.. if i skip the grocery store and head to walmart, i could potentially leave with so much more.
finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. azongo and i are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my
thanks pp!
i don't understand anything, help
luke m here, thanks ps chris! ur husband is pretty cool i reckon! sorry u were feeling sick and hope you feel better soon!
whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn't i know you were here?
loves the cancuks  <3
congrats!!!  i highly doubt u'll have buyer's remorse...u've wanted that car for a while.
i miss my closest freind,shirley, she went to france for the summer  i miss you shirley!!!!
lmao...but you'll still have me! i am thoroughly enjoying our conversation
only you babe. <3
i dont know what to have for lunch today and its so darn cold today
gettin ready to put on a show  ugh i really hope ppl dont comee
_yeah thanks for that you pair of gits  (hope it's mega- like the bus!)
just woke up and catching up on the nightly tweets!!
hulu no work in canada
well i *did* put in a good innings...sweared at the brother in law..was in fine form
fuuudge. movie store is closed
my youtube channel? demilynnmusic haha cause i love 2 sing & stuff so yea
i'm ready homie..actually ima be working
wish we could have surprised them and gone to h, but just couldn't work it out.
yummy yummy ice creammm  i hate heels &whoever made this pair.
- had a great time at the 'block party' - so did mackenzie
_connors 1999 called, they want their saying back. live in the now #pens  haha
hope you have a great weekend,paris
done with the photo album  as im a good person so i make it quite private for now. pity you ben haha
aww lovely pic
no ways. if you can nab a youngster, go for it! my best friend swears by younger men - apparantly they can go for longer too!
aww at when she was cryin tho...i want her to get thru...i feel sorry for her  shes so good tho.
got home from audition awhile ago. i think it went pretty well  now my math homework is calling my name -.-'
oh the memories  ? [URL]
im so just heading home
: yay! it will be good to have you back
ugh i have a hedache; i may be cheap, but **** **** i still have class with how i roll
kakabalik lang from tarlac. good aftie.
got caught in the rain outside. now im cold bbbrrr
k now i'm really going to bed even tho i ain't tired  night! <3
haha, that's great. yeah, zachary quinto as spock is really awesome indeed!!!
oh lol! yes, on facebook! that's a nice safe environment. like a church basement!
i is so lonely
exhausting day. and more to come tomorrow! city for mother's day!  can't wait minus the driving.
well, thanks for thinking of me! and if you ever do get the scratch for one, well, i'm right here!
thank god camera fixed itself. i want a new ipod
i know, i stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!
where did everyone go?? boo got no-one to twitter on to now  wonder if i can con some innocent un-suspecting people into talking to me??
i also found out that it's also my last youth group meeting
[URL] new post
sucky sucky homework
rickroll'd by itunes on shuffle
ur welcome  u finished ur speech (typed it and written notes)
talking to sam on msn, twitter is so 5 minutes ago
i have tea! & have just found a picture of the big snail from the walk yesterday.
you don't want to leave because secretly you know australia is twenty times better than america!
that sigh doesn't sound happy.
i'm sorry...i'll make sure i do that next time.
the fam back on the big island said the vog has been so bad that they can't see the ocean. sad!
oh cool! when is alpha 1.18 coming out? auto-connect was the feature i wanted to request
my back and legs kill from yesterday and we have a big old leak in the kitchen, looks like staying in pjs all day infront of the tv
trying to put down some veggie soup, and watching bride wars while my body recovers.  hope i'll spring back tomorrow
**** the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!!
oh hell yeah lol. im a vegetarian tho but i still cooks the mean =x im a traitor
[URL] view of atlas mountains, morocco across the straits of gibraltar, i took the other day from europa point, gib
i'm yet holdin' on.
yes! haha and then when he impaled himself with the crossed keys!  love scottish-trying-to-be-irish ewan mcgregor
toooooom! do a tour in the philippines, pleeease?  i'm risking my health to get your reply. haha!
ahh saved from mowing the lawn by the rain  now i have plenty of time to go kayaking. blessed are the rain gods!!
& i are lucas till & david henrie lovers. both boys are very cute  but  you can have lucas & ill have henrie  deal
thanks sissy!!!!!!! be sure to check ur myspace tonight, it's gonna be something! luv ya!!!!
i knew it! i use to love that show too  happy weekend to you too!
i know what you mean  rain sucks...
tilaaa just make you feel so special  haha haters now days
hey chelsea!  is your arm hurtig from the vaccines we had todayyy?  loveeya
i got all my hair cut off, it's almost above my ears
i want an iphone <33333
you've got the h1n1 tsk tsk tsk it's a shame  haha feel better bro
wow cute pic
maitreya for bobby's bday!  yay
am i really hyperventilating over my hair???  yes, i most certainly am.
pictures of cassie from the crawfish boil make me smile real big  also, my desktop is still fail. ultimate fail. it hates me.
need sumthing for this excruciating headache
at work...thinking about things when i should be working
not a happy bunny
hey there  how are you going? looking forward to weekend, sadly im workin both sat sun
hitting the (fairly empty) shops in orlando! off to downtown disney later  [URL]
ur welcome
ah wokking was great. you could eat as much ice cream as you what. i never eat so much ice cream in my life...
must. get. up.
_04071991 haaa awesome! i remember my brother got given woody, and i got upset cause i got buzz  but then i got both of them lmfao
now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? don't jip the world of your presence
mozart requiem tonight
jip i have a good one
to jodies and played sims till my daddy picked me up        and that is what i did yesterday. basically it was my social time
dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun
*points at facebook message*
imm tired of callin  && hearin other convos  i wanaa call himm!!
ouch. realising how sheltered my upbringing was.
yep, i tolerate nothing in the facebook group
is it possible to pass out he your laying down? bed soon if i can sleep <3
doctors with mommy.
working on a pr plan. then it is on to awards.
not  you, me, just drank too much.
aww bless  you guys are so cute.. are you still in touch with any of the other bb contestants? xxoo
awwwww, i'm sorry
mine do it no matter who i'm on the phone with!
farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework !
going to shibuya, meet my mom, get my contact lenses, then shinjuku
too tired, i canï¿½t stay awake..but i must finish work for sunday
boredddddd follower  shes amazing!!  *broken*
surgery.
that's no good. i'm sorry
doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. bad mood
crossing my fingers for ya! & hey you'll be on my side of town!  welcome! lol
aha the mom super power - guilt
it's called retro my dear and i wear fifties fashion sometimes....did you not see my birthday pictures?
at work with a huge headache
na my friend.. why? you ask  is it my great physique lol
mmmmm you have someone on the inside ? or are you being brlliant again
hmmm how bout my boi an me jammin sum john stephens for ya?
ooooo,  an explanation?, thank god for that or u would forever be wondering!..i love a good night mare tho!!
i'm trying to convince  to wait a bit to see up! as well. she doesn't want to see it with me
supp?
that's cool, i'd be happy to contribute to any future articles. enjoy the rest of the weekend
is sooo stressed about everything i have to do
i gave him your kiss. being a flirt of course he liked them
at shakas againn. no 2 dollar salads here
i've totally been mia, i know  bad me
my blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day...it was miserable! no twitter or email at my beck and call, truly awful
weird. i tot it will usually rain east coast first. and east coast usually gets more rain.
missed the play
a+ for effort though  [URL]
wow! i am impressed pastor lucas! great work!!!
our neighbors cat died!  i really loved him =(
um... so i don't think my text msgs have a 'subject line' ... i fail
is tweeting so much that she's not even paying attention to me!
took calculus exam today, i think that i did well. i messed up one derivative identity though  well, i never miss that one again.
u witch! im upstate in a **** hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  im crying.
is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner, star gazing, and a movie!   // cool [URL]
_007 don't worry, they'll get bored of it! just hang in there and don't give in!
idiotat)tux11 that's cool.  th*nks for the follow.   (techyuppie) #idiot
having coffee with bread. peanut butter today!
am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. oh gosh  pass the tissue...
needs somewhere to go...its still lush out + i want to be back out in it
i feel you i have a third eye right now and right before i go see foreign boys
joe just put a new bulb in my spotlight
printing from opera gives me a much better result (but printing to pdf it names it _stdin_.pdf) - always gotta compromise
frustrated with copying 13gigs across usb 1.1.stupid old servers
still playing wii fit lol fun fun fun,, movies tonight ill upload photos i took today right now check next tweet
thanks for the interview mama!  enjoy your night
...living in my studio, sounds very important ;) oh mildura is totally boring!! mhhh...whatever!  byeeee
joey's getting a new lizard... this should be fun  x
omg i'm sorry to hear that! i will keep my fingers crossed that you find something
happy mother's day to all mothers!
broke the laptop again...
dann and i are in vegas. we misconnected and our next flight is at 4:45 to midway. tonight i will be in a hotel w/o undies
_aguirre  not going anywhere & when my book finally gets hre it will be cool 2 know wht butch looks lk..lol it was going in mail tdy
_henrie oh my god, yeah! that cake looks delish! i hope you shared it! haha.
ha! you're right...i know you're right.
someones dead on army wives. dad just laughed and mum got annoyed with him. i wanna watch britains got talent
time is going slow
which one? on sportv ? will connect righ the way
yes my dear    v
is it a test to gauge audience reaction? who are you?!
i made this huge revelation as i was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now i totally forgot it. i hate when that happens.
happy mothers day mommy!!!!
have a nice day  ? [URL]
lol!!! i'm going to see it maybe today
i think i have same disorder, stay up al night 4 no reason n sleep al day !!  suuuks
good morning, sunshine! i'mm gonna start my day wth some movies.
ugh ****! my usual babysitters graduation is on wednesday and i just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation
very cute - i don't think i can make it to makerfaire, sadly
_ritz thnx sweetie  how r u this evening? xo
_eyedea i love last.fm but find it a lot easier (and more content) on spotify  add me on [URL] if you like
i'm nauseous  i need a yogurt or something..
game 6...who wants it...u already know who the league wants
headed back to pulaski
hm, maybe louise rennison will break tradition and it will be out in october instead  i always order the uk versions anyway
my mac's hard drive crashed then i brought it to powermac, they couldn't recover the files  no back up (
anytime
whaaat. i still have next week
wow. someone's proud of me.
well that's the last of the fabs gone
i'm at cobra, mexican bird flu hub/**** bar, and hate when they play the 80's mix. oh ****, freeze frame
such lovely weather, i wanna go out!
changing my online nickname to mtaby (which will hopefully be my uniqname as well)...hope the change goes by well (domain is available  )
he still doesn't love me... i won't ask again
cleaning my house on a friday night
says diana, you wanna burn the pics for me on a dvd or cd?  [URL]
haha sounds like your going to have heaps of fun  ****
uhh i wish someone would include me in their follow friday - would be great to get more followers
happy anoop day to you monica
alright, so playing cards in the rain wasn't the smartest idea, and now i might be sick... but it was fun
yes i do
omg!!! mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material
lol event management. no prerequisites
gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there, but especially to my wonderfuly mommy
yeah, it was a silly mistake. at the end of a long day, etc etc. they were brand new pliers too
i apparently have crappy typing skills...lol sorry
wants to buy really red* lipstick. but i won't wear it that often
tired. going to take a nap. my finger hurts.  143
creeped it up at the ice cream social! good times. lars and the real girl, such a sad movie
hmm it seems to me _gun needs the followers.
i'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! that should make you happy. you guys should call me tonigh
lol, we are staying in, craig got footy, so molly and me missing all the good weather, we have no buggy either.
has that feeling like when you want to cry but you dont so you get that empty feeling in your stomach and your throat starts to hurt.
just broke my favorite necklace  superglue?
we've just 16ï¿½c today&cold wind..  want it 2b like 25ï¿½ to 30ï¿½! i love hot weather! but i reaped the 1st strawberry yday!
finishing this giraffe, then getting some sleep. super excited about tomorrow!
loving lego indiana jones. a game-researching aracheologist's dream
got **** stranger  lol
hallooo bayern!hallooo stau!
oh wow  thanks for the info.
saw you today! so beautiful!! you looked so good! glad to see the wonderful turnout!
happy bank holiday monday twitter! bath time, spring clean, movie marathon , lazy day
repeatedly rubs thumbs softly and lovingly upon new sarah rayne novel. sigh, and it's not a paperback.i'm the potrait of profound bliss
where did i leave my citeh jersey?
studying for my exams....boring
after sleeping in  the rest of the day was busy. however, i got to spend the last of it with my favorite babysittee (the kids are great!).
[URL] - haha she looks a little like u charlie lol
say hi to dan and katherine and zachy
i really fancy baked eggs, but i have no spinach
hopped up out the bed put my swwwaaaaggg oooonnnn! then got back in the bed it's raining
just for a little while.. to get an impression of how twitter-copy-topify
_reznor trent don't get mad at me but i keep thinking you're pretending to be engaged for some reason
i have a headache, and it's not going away.
: i love camp fires  i just wish the kids would try a bit harder to sing along
they had a site, then a blog, now they have the worst zoning/concept of the year - heaven.fr, tell meh it's a fake
fog horn of doom! a great way to start the morning... living next to the harbour is really great
@_missrachel how much?
boarding the uss enterprise.. warp speed ahead!   #fb
yip, that would be a sign that you've been on the dodgy sites jo... eish boet, it ain't cool
anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter called domsai by matteo cibic? [URL] only available till the 31st
warning tweeting while ridding a bike is dangero, waaaaaaa!!! *crash*
had a great weekend!! and is in such a good mood, she doesn't even mind being at work this morning!
today was fun  <333
hehe, funny (the midget thing) ! cheer up alex, and wave from below  is it that you are in germany right now? .. or in spain? ;d
sonny you are a mystery man!  i'm into it thoughh.
is loving the fact that jor can talk and tell me what she wants!! amazing
i miss vermont
i love that song
i tried to dm you but your not following me
i am on aim getting ready to go to bed. running a 5k tommorow for mothers day. wish me luck!
[URL] wow.. wow.. hope, i too get that sort of guts in near future
have to listen to samples to make sure i'm thinking of the same stuff. loud, odd, zorn-y stuff as i recall. not mr. bungle.
awww i hate that one!!
haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx
apparently im not getting drives to school in the morning anymore? well my dad left so no school for me this morning.. watching twilight
last one month due to summer, strawberry is not availble in the chennai markets!
my sister just ripped my heart outta myy fukkn chest.  im super hurt right now. she's all i ever needed in this life.
is very angrrry! my fb account just got deleted- wtf??? all my poems i have ever written are on there
good morning, baby  yes, i slept like a rock. refreshed & ready for anything. how are you? *hugs you & doesn't let go* miss u
sittting in my seat watching the tyra show
o **** i just accidentally listened to rick ross
live long and prosper  #fb
oh noesss seniors last day  however, tickling will till he was on the floor giggling made it totally worth it. plus, a senior sandwhich!
_____ re:firmware. heh, just a coincidence. i didn't do anything. maybe the sw guys heard you?
i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. even though i had the air conditioning on full blast...i think it was the heat  he' ok now
ugh... my back is killing me.
oh, left off the  smiley face so you knew i was kidding.
suspect tax-man is at fault....
off to westend now, enjoying the sun.
aww nice
just found out that mad men season 3 is delayed until august.
still here unfortunately!!!!
man i still haven't seen that movie...too bad i'm at work
<3 ryan baby iloveyopu **** <3 10 days kayleigh baby lymz cntt waiit
happy mothers day  i'm so hungry and the resturants are all closed... ****
just got to the hospital. jimmys really bad....please please send your good thoughts. i'm really worried.
tired beyond reason. i would rather be just about anything else other then tired
i've thought about it several times . got a few good friends there!
_m do it up
brought the sf fog to la
i'm pondering lunch at shane's. i think. i can already hear people whining about it...
definitely! i have usually found that critics know virtually nothing of what constitutes a good movie. rarely am i wrong.
my cat has been missing for 2 days. i am freaking out.
watching  on snl
twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. it is also excellent for inspiration
sorry about your sadness   nitenite love
i am also wasting time til my cab gets here. spamspamspam. also keiths motorbike was nicked. well ****.
ummm. idk. courtney's date is hooking us up.
i don't know how to send it to you anna.  let me think for a bit and i will find some way to do it
thanks, i found the link [URL]  , however i think you need to be a customer to download it
i am absolutely craving a brownie with ice cream right now. fedex some over!
getting ready for the dayyyyyyyyyyyy. i hope work goes good!
stuck in an office, red hot
got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves.
i blame you all!  got it??? good :p she better be in good condition 2! <33 night
so palin got the new haircut
'it's not **** if you scream surprise first.' - my customer just said to me. haha.  (via )lmao
chillin with the roomies. can't wait for the zombie clwn cr. its gonna be 6-8 weeks
aw ****! my ipod has a thin, gray line across the screen! didn't drop it - i take good care of it. how long before it dies?
-  i wanna go see them in edinburgh  won't happen though haha , yir lucky! and have funnnn  ****
brought back memories mentioning the mixer~of being pushed into angels desk,with full glass of beer,not my fault,desk f'd
off to nanaimo 2day... missing my son already and i havent even left yet
i don't like when my g1 changes.    i feel like google should send me an email and tell me all the things they're gunna do to my phone.
whohoo!  erin just got accepted to ottawa u nursing school at the algonquin pembroke campus.  i just may get my girl back
hey hey hey!  lol.
no, silly, to shoot other shoppers with  though a taser is probably the more humane penalty for 12 items in 5 item line
she is all i can ever think about.  [URL]
new project is going incredibly well! and i'm not tired today  i think we should get all monday's off. permanently.
its sprinkling outside  i hope it doesn't rain during our game ..
not just me then
*sigh* last day at work. i has an sadifying in my heartparts.
: happy mother's day to my mother. thank you for being such an awesome mother
everything is good except that neck shot and steve's back of the head shot!
i don't remember what i text to twitter to get a list of commands  halp
feel hungry now   cook for me pleaseyour food it's my energy to work~
[URL]  - great song! cobra starship feat. leighton meester
yep, i'm more of a facebook person  [URL]
thanks for the r, but, sorry, the lotr was spam.
_ yaaaay mish is following gab!
morning peeps... if you need to get at me you know where i am... i'll be around  ? [URL]
it was on march 22nd in uk..today all quiet here regarding mothers day  very sweet of u to wish though..thanks!
will u give ur mother anything special? i'll make a cake and make sure mine gets a stressfree day =p cheesy, but it works
many thanks!
prettty goooooooood   going to daaaaaancing in a mo and havnt studied much for maths :|
people ask a lot.. and plus i thought id contribute to a sykes to the trending topics
the downfall about relaxing later is mad manual labor now...just finish cleaning the fridge..and now to fold clothes..house work blues
enjoy - we know you will
at the dentist. i have a hole in my tooth
i'm afraid not much  i just realized the true difficulty of this design. i may cry soon. #idmfinal
cant fall asleep.
it's official - liberty grand is my new fave reception venue... will blog some shots tuesday
i'm not in america! i'm not going anymore  you phoned earlier?
its times like these that i miss manila. i'm not feeling up to myself lately
the beginning of cater 2 u always gets to me
yup it gets better again after s4
meee.. i have a penguin wallpaper on the backround on my phone, computer, ps3, ipod touch and on my twitter
i'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  esotsm;
he didn't come to school 2day
oic.. will need to get upgrade space if i do want to use it then.thanks  will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
the test today was killer. i didn't even manage to finish on time.
is very hungover
i don't know why but, i can only find miss matched socks during winter. i mean, where do they all go?
girls are confusing.
suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache.... ugh!
and it's my birthday tomorrow. everything worked fine w/that in the end convinced her not 2 invite ppl she didn't know
i don't know what to wear....
speaking of fish, our company fish just died  rip julio
check this video out -- scriptgirl report 05.08.09 [URL] ... i can officially now survive the weekend
thanks.
_bexi i totally and completely agree
in june. the 6th. a sat!
watching m eat a hotdog...gross.. he's so drunk and annoying.. trying really hard not to glre @ him
put my dog to sleep  i love you abby rip<3
i think he thought about it, but then i sneezed on him
been awake 19 hours
haha same!!! but its gonna be awhile til it comes to sweden i think...
yeah dropped the bike yesterday.leg got caught below the engine.bikes not got a mark on it mind   i'm trying to avoid stairs lol
vcenter is screwing up on me today.  more specifically the mssql server that it connects to.
hmm...ok, well i hope you feel better soon babe  ima go to bed, i have a long day tomorrow
poor pooch...
getting ready for school...hope today is a happy and awesome day
setting business hours! 8am - 6pm, rush jobs will still be considered, but not the norm
you makin' me ****
i love my hair blowin in the wind
just reached my cellgroup leader's house and he is surprised that i'm dry. haha.  - [URL]
awww kanye west, its such a shame he doesnt get the joke
**** right!
'stunningly beautiful' and 'new piece' don't usually go together. wish i could go
haha ya, my friend and i are totally having a kick off party for the occasion!!
i need a hug i dnt feel so good
just finished the exam. i did ok, i guess.
does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
thank you and happy mothers day to your mother also snl tonight
eh! u dont like retro? tisk tisk, what u been upto? ...apart from waxing ur 'mustache' lol
awhhh it was so nice to see you.
yes! my co-workers don't go to bars with me
got so totally lost that i had to pay for a taxi to get me back to where i was supposed to be. yeah, something like that, lol.
=o you saw fleetwood mac! i'm insanely jealous. i don't have enough money to buy tickets.  i think i'll never see them. =(
my children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. there's a problem with that in that there's bugger all food in the house
up late last night  .... oracle from 8 to 4:30
glad you liked the quote (integrity...) - it was in one of my more productive moments
i'm going to turn it off. we tribbles don't need tracking devices!     #hhrs
bought beer today
ahhhhh **** it..... none of my friends want to see it... and they don't wanna chill tonight... so its just me myself and i
say hi nikki pleaseeeeee...lol.   (soulja boy tell 'em live live > [URL]
i just woke up and remembered theres no school!!! life is good  xxxxxx
here  dude we got here n a table readyyy fo us
your mom, actually
try being in az again brooke, omg you cant even be outside for less than a minute before getting your neck burned.
i'm feeling pretty energized & ready to face the day w/only about 3 hours of sleep. hope it lasts all day.
snoops uncle who was the coolest dancer ever!!!!!!  [URL]
[URL] - bbq time again.
ok, ahhh! last chance to go into school before chemistry exam!!
please wear glasses in your next video!  you look amazing in them.
i can't wait till it's sunday, a new episode of supernatural but then there are only 6 episodes left now
aww, anyone see hollie steel on bgt tonight? wharra shame
i realised when i got home that i left mine in your fridge - you're welcome to have it if you like.
and now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs...
ohhh. i didn't log on there, pity me. was it great?
had a little romantic date with suzy in uptown
forgive me good lord for this time i /knew/ wat am i doing.. except the mighty oracle just didn't *&@#ing care to fully support unixodbc.
oops! i got taken ...
i am also very tired
went to wingstop without me
goodmorning world
happy monday everyone! loving the new arrangement in my family room
on the way to have griffin's staples removed from his head!  should be fun
like the sound of a tweet
paris 2moro!! i have to pack...ill wake up at 8  yes: dance lesson at 9 !!
automated ****-downloader would have to know which **** you like. youporn has this new recommendation feature
pulled from interesting meeting to an urgent support request
_wx did you see the color of the sky and how it looks in philly??  it is yellowish/orangeish/brownish looks scary!!  lol
i know, twitter is depressing me tonight
so am i.
oh! i think i didnt do well on my photo editing for db!  sorry :|
like almost above my sholders
nope not really only a sweatshirt.  oh and these really really awesome doughnuts haha
aaron and i are playing a gig at the life aquatic party outside of austin, so i think we'll have to mis the tt bday party, sadly
headache  wanna see my julie
it's 's birthday today, wish her a good one assholes! sleepytime
is hittin' the ole dusty trail w/ miss morgan.
actually, by the time i get there, the train would have arrived...
with aubrey at pearl!!!
oops, they don't open until 9am
and it never arrived. have to wait until monday now
home! i dont know what im doing tmrw besides the whole mommys day thing. but then what? feeling awesome  night you guys
justin is too funny on snl... ciara finna perform
same here - coffee is the lifeline to all things good
nursing sore back today
****. i always forget you are on here
been working on my freakin' computer trying to save stuff on a harddrive and it seems i failed miserably.
still awake can't fall asleep i'm not one bit sleepy
aaaau thanks gi  , i really really love u.thanks for being a really great friend.and forgiveme if i leave you sometime, ?
morning!!!! happy #juddday
miss your smile
no, but apparently a distant relative died in east africa, leaving me as his only heir. once i send 5k i should have 250k
suffering from  hemorrhoids.
happy mother's day! she liked the poem.
golden girls marathon about to end  #lofnotc
happy mothers day!!
wow christa, that's incredibly sweeeet! me want one 2  !!!  if you get a sec, check out my app for merch asst ... i rule!  lol!!!
that's depressing
is going to have a relaxing, hot bath  goodnight for now then twits, & dont worry andy i love you more than twitter hehe
rest is important, but like everything else don't over do it.
umm after school , at subway w. my mom ; nothing to do planss are ruined
your steve chai sounds awesome. *wishes she had one now* but i'm stuck with: idon'tknowwhatdamnbrandcoffeethisis
it involves posting your thoughts and reading others mr.bean. you got a new number btw, had no txts back from you?
i wanted to see it until i saw that it was pg 13. that totally bummed me out.
get into me not going. lol at least i didnt get my hopes up
photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me
had an awesome weekend and an awesome turn out to my rummage sales on friday and saturday!!
nope - just playing with one  i think i'm going to wait for the next iphone
pheasant dreams, kaotic ones
my car is almost definately going to be written off! the garage rang and said the work will cost 3k and its up to the insurance co
then what about domina sun girl? i think that fits better.
really tired jake always gives me more work
that wouldn't have happened if ravit hadn't asked me. i met her thru a twitter friend in ct. love social media that way.
time for me to seek out some coffee for my own caffein love affair too!! mmmmm... sweet been of hyper-goodness!!
handed out evaluation forms to my marketing 1 tutees today, one filled out that i was 'aloof & condescending'! the rest love me though
the thought of splitting the estate is depressing of course! (kidding!) i don't like the thought of my parents dying
in faa thaa night  movie night?
my condolences.
i'm excited for the things for jay's room to arrive
assembling/ figuring out this new alarm daddy gave me - sooo loud  i think i blew out my ear drum
great, just great. #cookoutofthecentury and my wife's tummy hurts. just. great.
lol too bad he's taken!!!!!!!
yeahh, uhhh, not so sure if i'm feeling the new jonas songs just yet
thats because im getting a new phone since my other phone dont work at all
ahhh so jealous!  have a nice time and i'll see you when you get back x
yer  i hope the competition doesnt end before i post my video! lol but there are some really good singers who entered.....
i actually got a bit of a tan today haha sadly will be working all weekend won't get a chance to enjoy the glorious sunrays boo
lossing power while your in your house alone? not fucckinggg cool. party at cakss!
oh how i love my family.
sats  what the its just around the corner.
what am i gonna watch after bgt  bad times
is a no show for lunch. eating solo at noodles
will we be able to see clips/episodes on the c4 website from america?  or will i languish reading the news stories again?
*sad face* project-m keeps crashing my itunes
i can't wait. 2 more days till happiness.
enjoying my new car
hey!, which song was that? i would like to listen to it
... lunch is no fun when you have nothing to eat.
she interviewed us on books. i was gonna say something, but she was all 'wait, i have something to say!'
loves john mayer's updates.  and modeling in the hot sun... and being sweaty... jk. but seriously...
ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning
happy almost mother's day
a little irked at the moment
awww that poor little girl on bgt
it's supposed to be even hotter today than yesterday.  wearing shorts to work.
had a crazy night, lost keys, walked home, missed my papi's calls from the swizzy.    i'm sad
av ad a realy gd day wiv ciara connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm
...celebrated by spilling half my soup. hello, 40 calorie lunch.    can it be the weekend now, please?
[URL] - guess i need to get me an iphone now for sure!!!  it looks bad ****!!
but i didnt  krystal spent the night last night..i dnt think i posted that. but ya, we laughed a lot. squirrel! & house! new inside jokes.
i want to wish happy mother's day to my two favorite moms in the world: my own mom of course  and my sister!!! happy mom's day to you two!
it shocked d & i, too!  puts things in a whole new, empowering, light... now doesn'****?
youre not supposed to...
gooooodnight  i fully gave up on my english. pride and prejudice. love the movie hate the book ;)
up was awesome! everyone should go see it.  but the stupid theatre didn't show the pixar short film.
and egg whites, with 7 grain toast. yup!
time to turn the phone off and get a full nights sleep
i truly praise god for my mom-the greatest mother in the world  happy mother's day to all of the mothers reading this. enjoy your day!
im glad  i dont have to go out...
_fred6 awww... :/ i guess that's both good and bad, moving is not an option i guess?  mhm, so are you, hehe ;) (we have same time?)
enjoying my pathetic tiny music collection, while rearranging my room. still a little tired from shortening the grass, and that one frog
i love my daddy. dad's are so under appreciated by their daughters these days ... not mine.
no, im a people pleaser
good eatin.   hey, follow my son .  he's on now
i'm hearing lots of good things about the new trek movie. i'll see if my dad, 'a fellow treky', would like to see it
lol! i don't know! but you dont need the plant! i'll give you a hug instead! hugs!
i wish i could...but i'm @ work when she's on...
? polly scattergood's new single out today! download the please don't touch ep on itunes, it's ace!  [URL]
jonas and demi, i miss you  / niiick, in my soul, asasgdygyasdgy ?
tell pete he looks sexy with a beard.
yay new computer to fiddle about with
i had a double cheeseburger and fries from the golden arches....i will be sicker than a dog tomorrow.
hahha i don't do drugs though
happy mother's day to all your mom's
manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also! :'(
thinks my 'not girlfriend' needs to not be a douchebag right now...  i'm not in the mood to feel neglected
my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he's growing up too fast.....
oh that was said perez
any windows 7 users out there have any tips on how to make the default install not take up 15gb??  i knew it would be big, but srsly...
i know  i think i'm like dieing!
you need to remember the data the customer has entered on previous pages when they use the back button. so, so many don't do this
back from sql. finals tomorrow...new video today
its a beautiful,albeit, windy at times, night in so no....
justin timberlake, how you can easily become a reiki master?  at [URL]
going out  i can't do this **** anymore :'(
_ i'm in bed sick atm-been sick since yesterday   hru hun?
i can't **** concentrate with this **** heat!  cooler is so not doing it's job.
_m make one with something about the charger?
workout stunk...no headphones.
ur funny  gnight
does anyone know how to move google chrome passwords to firefox?
just had lunch w/  at jason's deli... then stepped in dog poo
probably...why not!
at the grove for 'drag me to hell.' i hope that it doesn't suck.
had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
when we were poor and lived in germany it was our favourite cheap saturday. now we have one 20min away.
years ago, my brother saw you and bruce walking on the sidewalk in sanibel. i used to live on pine is. great place
off to work... off at 10:30....lammmeeee
thats not a golf buggy lol it's a australia zoo buggy the staff use it to get around and give certain patrons a life
11:10pm on a saturday... you know what that means! bedtime!
some of the figures quoted are so wildly optimistic, they are the stuff of science fiction.  a bit disapointed in ciber and sabip
from seeing all my koreans buisnesses failing.
i'm glad you've been having fun babe
thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but im probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet!
got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  i am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  i am blessed
was talking to vincent  miss him so baadly.
is getting the kids ready for school before deciding the workout du jour
is very worried about sam  and wants to know he okay!
the day after.... i'm not sick but a little tierd...a bit to much to drink, but i had fun!
ok. happy to hear that you are feeling fine
_harris  there were way more than two! ten hours of real-ale takes it out of you
ugh... hangover. sign that i'm getting old
btw: does it offend you, yeah? - we are rockstars. pretty ok.
hey cool: [URL]
about to hit the hay. (who came up with that?) goodnight world and all those who inhabit it
happy nurses week! it's our first one as rn's
still hating the whole twitter replies thing. i feel like i'm missing bits.  #fixreplies
american trade journalists ask prs 'how are you' almost 100% of the time; uk journalists? erm...not so much   how come?
i know! they were running out though, soph had to get a massive one...
5-4-09 what do you think ill be doing tonight
sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
i need people to shoot so i can work on my new post processing technique.. but i need to show off the pp before people will want to!
nice! got any that are indexed that you want to unload?  i need a few.
stupid msn it wont let me onnnn
haha it's great. but i slept horribly last night.
if mom gets paid...
hydro drive abandoned after three miles
what to do this weekend, what to do. don't think i'll be making it to michigan for the wonder years.
it's my birthday today  running the mile tomorrow ughh. but then choir concert
directing a theatre play
[URL] temporary address not working either, m8. they must have done something to the domain
went to see priscilla ahn last night, was amazin! so were the bands before her actually
i hear you.. it pisses me off haha
flew home from london to ni to catch up with the family and caption a show ... everyone went to bed early and left me!!
big sis moved out 2day  its gna b weird without her! x
specifically, like these  [URL] (also i adore this outfit [URL] yum)
that is so lovely
_hall no  i was gutted when he wasn't. lmao. i think i'm obsessed with him, bahaha.
working.  i can't wait till 4:30. funeral on monday.
i should be djing my prom! i'd do it for free...there prob gonna have a dj who's stuck in the 80's  boooooo
ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today.
you too, rus!
thought you should mention that you don't need to enable growl in tweetie to make your plugin work, and to avoid duped notifications
this is getting on my nerves. i cant change my pic
11.40 am. i don't wanna wake up. shoo, roommate, shoo.
i'm good.
just saw a fox!  as i was getting on the freeway... i hope it goes home
i got it
what! that's a sin!
yes. i am thinking of staying in the office until it's slightly less ridiculously hot
finally going to bed! woo-hoo! gotta work at 5am! lots of love to all!
_kookie girl,rain is my song forrealll!!!
i have an interview on tuesday so things are turning around i think!! yay! so dont worry!  and japsicans are a rare breed. ;)
checked the bank acct this mornin..got a lil sad..then decided i would imagine a 0 on the end just to make me smile.  #whateverworks
back to the lovely land of the north
my pleasure and sorry to hear about the pollen thing
im really sleepy and i want to go to bed...but its upstairs and its a mess and i know im gonna have to clean it  nooooo
i hate that i am so stinkin tired everyday!  it's so hard to get up...i thought i was supposed to start getting energy back now.
finally seventeen
it's gonna suck being the only sober one tonight
_ i got 71! that's more than i'm following... i feel special now
thats on fox isnt it? never watched it
actually i'm really missing fabian  which is pretty sad since i talked to him like... 2 hours ago! gosh time flies when you miss someone.
just got dailybooth and not sure what to do. it's confusing!
oh man, just seen the bgt news.. not cool. i loved greg.  that dancing weepy kid was just **** obnoxious imo.
yehey summer!!  so exciteeeddd.. balme it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol.
nobody ever ' s   makes me sad
kwl... nm this msn nd homework... but i went 2 c hanna montana hte movie yesterday **** happy mayday btw ****
i hope amy is okai
hey dasit thanks for the message
it's my evening.
_jamie how are ya, honey? what happend to  account  ?
hope i'm not coming down with piggy flu, eyes red. neck no longer holds up heavy head. time for sleep.  sogni d'oro all!
baby just left  gonna get ready (again) and i'm leavin'  chilis = full -_-
[URL] - i'm really missing this place  my grandparents are living there, on the calm country! but im coming to them ...
_in_love aww me too!!!  we miss you.
full time in tonight's game, ashington 0 - 5 whitley bay
greek season two, i love this show.
ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again
#bigfanfriday 2day, & i go & friggin loose 1, life sucks!!
ughhh studying for finals i wish i could go to prom
watching justin timberlake on snl
mothers day drama was awesome!
thats it, rub it in that ur seeing morrissey! il just go and cry in the corner  x
placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!
if you are a cute guy add/follow me  i'll do the same
yay for nice weather, boo for cici not being here this weekend
oh too bad! i hope it gets better. i've been having sleep issues lately too
anytime  that's what im here for *giggles*
wants to smoke a cig but doesn't have a lighter.
someone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day
i want to go to universal too!
thanks! we want to continue to improve our process for the benefit of customers - things like this just take time
i don't seem to have any photos of me and my grandma together for tomorrow. it is heart breaking
she said no not to nite  x
i'm a laid back person for the most part, vinny is the opposite.  guess we compliment each other  it will all work out! how r u?
oh no it's storming... gotta get off the computer.
plan may changes , nooooooo
d'aaaaawhh you're so cute
snitchsneeker photos were cool -but, dang, what's up with all the comments about your chest hair - that's just creepy
just starting my day...a long friday
loves summer! and don't forget people, tomorrow is mother's day!
amadeus is the best mozart movie. i got kicked out of high school chorus, missed a trip to hawaii.
thank you for reading ohlala
lolll, i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hurts sooo bad right now
goodnight!
you can't take this feeling away from me<3. going to lay down & watch a movie.
had a nice time with her little sister...baby is all grown up
welcome to my network buddies
go to bed mister! u need your beauty sleep
gutted your out off hollyoaks  ****
hey you!
done! finally.. yay.. now i can relax for.. well one day ;d haha..
happy mother's day all you moms!
get up, you are not old!  what did you do?! =o
this morning is for smiling smugly to oneself. anyone can join in
gee i'm totally hatin' this , like for real ! i mean like, duh ! i've studied enough, and all that i need is refreshing tonite ! hard ?
thts kinda young 4 me, boo.
stress-free is the way to be
back here, i was busy xd wirting stars loves, almos 400 pages xd and listenint afh and tv
it would hurt only when you touch it or when it gets hit. but when you don'**** won't  but after a month it wouldn't hurt na!
still got one more year with t-mo tho  i might just get a new bb curve. not too concerned abt apps. batt life is important
happy mother's day!!! oh, i love my mom.. hehehe... happy mom's day!!
oops forgot to shave my legs!  byebye to my favorite cousin   bklyn two nights in a row... we go hardd!!!!!!!
i think i may have found my next apartment. just one downfall.
i wanna go to dbsk oppa's mirotic concert in thailand!!! i really wanna go so muchhhhh...    *burst into tears*
omg! why cant i eat. everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me.
its good to have an old friend at ur new job. another good day at work. paycheck day will be even better
_gurl_cece what up?
shouldn't sit weirdly at the pc, i know im going to hit the deck once i get up
wants to go to sleep with the sound of the rain
i'm writing more fanfic.
flirting! ima good man with bad habits.
then me disliking you is a rumor!  cyndi! what made it look like i didn't like you?
i'm sure it was amazing  wish i could have been there :] you're an incredible, phenomenal, amazingly talented singer
bah, here i was out in the sun in my new hammock, drinking beer, playing the guitar and singing, and the mosquito chased me inside
i really need to go and start some more revision,biology or chemistry today me thinks
you are disappointing me......
it's the best day ever. it's my birthday
but i have to cause i missed a lot of classes
had such a fun time with allegra tonite!!! we saw 17again!! good movie
boingo connected without fuss this time, but it's slower'n snail piss...    (mdw, food count between concourses a and b)
your saaaaafe with mee(8) **** epic times again last night  old friends and new friendships, good way to kick off this month!
monday at the school  gosshhh what i've been waiting for
should have started working on this lecture much earlier  using tag clouds from google news to explain basics of content analysis...
i know, lame.
_hansen darn - i just realised 'pull the other one' would have been a *far* better response to your name suggestion
hmm so late. well its early for me.. ha
definitely grass cutting   cole has committed himself to stacking wood for our neighbor as well. past 2 days set is back too far.
just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. when mom's away...
is on break...i'm so tired
i can't believe how tired i am right now... i don't know if i can go out tonight...   exhaaaausted!!
the lost cost is a total plus.  nutella is like peanut butter mixed with chocolatey goodness. yumm. ^^
i've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!
ooh really?!! well you know you're always welcome!!
i saw the game not a huge cavs fan lol. they pay refs. but yao's out 4 the rest of playoffs so l.a is cruising to the wcf
its nice to have no assignments for the night
younger then mine. so no problems here.
thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
had such and amazing time last night, mcfly were incredible
wearing 'purple with a passion' by opi and i absolutely love it!!
it looks like you have a lot of fun with lady gaga
finally get my hands on my laptop!  just ate the biggest burrito de asada ever  and now im gonna get ready for the party-ooo!
just got home. yay!  hi guys! [URL]
i **** love alexander william gaskarth
happy mothers day to you beautiful!
i wish you where going to be in the saga
i cried...
the hills is gunna be so different!! gl with your designing etc.
contemplating when to hand in my lovely car
you said you effed up your nose!
bugger didn't know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry
bout tuh head out an find sum wher tuh go an chill
whew. did some more vacuuming. what a good time! you should vacuum.
wow, you might be countering the benedryl with your enthusiasm.
that was a fun show. grabbing a bite to eat now.
doing dishes...i miss my kitchen team
bye. tekzilla, then revision.
just kidding. its standing room only.
i missed  giving away a ttc code
got back from the embassy; missing one paper  go again on monday!!!good luck me!!!
careful the cops dont mistake you and your kids for criminals - i hear there is some indiscrimate shooting going on
hey steve.   i think you are such an awesome actor. i love every movie you are in, and i love the office.
[URL] -  lol.. sorry. too **** funny!
that just doesn't sound appetizing.
oh thank you thank you! was hoping the video will be online
not looking forward to the upcoming week...my better half will be gone all that time! it's truly gonna suck big time!
i do that all the time.. no biggie
oi  i love you
is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  im glad the weekend is here... yay 4 day-weekend
_bones four capital letters. aye boy, same as that. i heart justice.
jackson rathbone!
can you give me the link for the kimba diaries please?
feelin' somewhat down; ugh, i don't want to have an exam! oh well... 5 days baby!
happy birthday  i didn't get you anything, but you have my best wishes.
new pollster data on party identification in the united states : democratic (36.7%), independent (33.5%), republican (26.4%). ouch.
check it out check it out check it out.
i don't wanna work!
ah, sorry to hear your trip was canceled
ugh boring friday
strange day  i forget all what i can
still at home goodness
it's been 2 days without gas...the gas company turned it off to do maintenance. i can't cook.
loved ap tour in columbus, oh last night! i'm still exhausted! goin to bed now so sweet dreams!! gnight!!
looking for the  in coal harbour. can't find it!
lying with my new lab pup on my lap
i know we need it but i'm not a fan of daily rain/humidity & i'm a native. i'll enjoy dry while it lasts.
why does it randomly hangup on me?
can't paint anymore because of the light
lol that's from last winter (only a few months ago december) i'm in seattle, felt like siberia this last winter
chang thay anh online gi ca
the sweety sat on the table this morning...just woke up! very sweet! oh...btw...i think i'll be home around 7 pm!!!  ****
is sad that piggy died
stood outsiden got the worst butterflies everrrrr!
watching an episode of friends during the lunch break
about to have lunch with _deakin meeting with the prof didnt go too badly
happy mother's day hahaha
will be practicing my smile today-it's gunna be big!
well im gonna go shower now. gotta get rdy 4 movies in a couple hours!   byeee   ~~  esther <3    p.s.s i miss u katherine
why are you sad?!
respect to  for the heineken man bag  [URL]
listening to am- teddy picker  she saw it and she grabbed it and it wasn't what it seemed
_assassin  sucks about your cat... hope you guys feel better
little louisa is number 3 trying to get number one!  ****
33 minutes left before my flannel hobbit shoes get wet  rain, pls go away!
jonas brothers concert  was greaattt
thinks lamb chops would be really nice right about now... or maybe some sushi  mmm.. maybe just an ice lolly cos its so **** hot!!!
fc is back dear.
one of the worst days of my life.
sunburnt again
spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? you said it!
sounds like my kinda day
feel like am at one of those gyms where the machines work you rather than you them
sounds lovely, hope you have a great day
you're welcome
_1988 cool i wish i could av gone 2 da 1 he did where i live but i couldnt
i miss justin timberlake's voice. i want him to make new album again
wow!! you really are a pretty talented lady, most impressed
im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*
loves fatty take away nights... yummy  then coming home and facespacing with my roomies
i'm doin my tweets on my phone so i have on clue how to reply to anyone. but thank u fiercemichi, as soon as i can i'll check it out.
[URL] <-- get me one of those and maybe next time
its payday! yay! for all the good it does. bills bills bills....i'm broke again already
lol good morning!  ran 4 milles & hit the gym?  have a great day!!!
hiya! how are you doing today?
peewee is napping on the couch.  [URL]
last day for seniors bye bff
enough studying,whew... time for sleep
yesterday i heard a song about taking a base onto a plane. can someone help me find it? i don't know anything else about it.
man, my sinuses r really buggin me this morning
i am so sad...
ok, 4 star trek fans have given the new movie good reviews  getting very excited!!!
soooo bummed i'm missing the blockparty again! haven't been able to get the app to listen on my iphone!!
oh, i forgot. they weighed me at the dr. i am at my highest weight ever.
just loves having proper inet back
i wish we could have seen you girls today. well besides from across the crowd haah. hope you had fun
i spoke but when niggas be looking at ya crazi all the time u just stop....  plus i always used to see yall when i just wanted
reyt fancies a valentinos. worst of times considering i can't have any
hasn't shipped yet  i won't get over there until at least 7. i'll call you.
good morning nyc! if i weren't broke, i would have landed there yesterday afternoon.
i made a myspace for twitter with the name 'the twitter kingdom'. here is the link: [URL]  - join me!
i took my yearbook photo earlier at school, and i don't think that it will turn out great
hee hee! i only holiday in the gutter, try to get there once a week at least! welcome! lol  ****
is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace
thinking about all of the cleaning and organizing that needs to be done over the weekend!
sorting out twitter issues....very frustrated that you can't talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges
yeah ... he was 0-3 and scoreless tonight
bought my dress yesterday!!  only 12 more days til chris is home. so excited! gavin has his first tooth
i need a code
not
you just noticed this about girls?  welcome to adulthood!
rain  oh well it's still friday!!
i have just read up on lactose stuff and i can eat hard cheese!!! there is no lactose in it!!! *jumps of joy this rainy day* yay!!!!
_sockso_o: i'm sorry, shannon.
watching finding nemo with my nephew so cute!
wolverine was a bit short. waiting for cat to get dressed then off to york for the day
is working.   i am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting....
thanks twilight... i know we love canon
omg you've never seen 'the ring' its a creppy **** movie
oh he is so cute... is he in uniteddogs.com? poppy is there
i'm gonna cryyy!!! my car looked so good clean and its **** raining!?! i always do this...wash it right before it rains
may the fourth be with you  happy star wars day.
chroma key coolness ... when are the cumulus seminars going online couldn't see the live feed here
is that like planes, trains, and automobiles?  best of luck juan pelota.
sweet dreams
ready to go home  2 more hrs of wrk
@ the drs. in beverly hills...doctor's scare **** out of me
i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately.
this is not a happy tweet
apple has done some impressive things for my almost 2 year old macbook. except when i poured coffee into the keyboard.
yay!!! i'm glad that i'm not the only one who is about to sign away their soul to twitter and facebook!  welcome! ****
hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?
sigh. my metal friends keep planning stuff on sunday afternoons, when i'm at work. feeling like i'm losing touch with them
counting the minutes when my dad's g-friend is leaving
_elmo_**** awhh you alright ?
so its superstar sunday?  is one superstar i know   #sunday
_ i know !  my bg looks emo now .! lol
im wishing that i had the weekend off so i can go to sol.
nearly finished angels and demons, awesome book, feel so lame for only reading it now
the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive tues! i may die between now and them without phone  i have withdraws already
i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home.
dang i just dropped some of my subway on da floor... ahh the 5sec rule passed already
fine thanks, not long now till christmas....i'm excited
good morning  plan for the day: church followed by f1 & lunch at mum & dads. then dm discussions of star trek!
_chiel well...i would love to have a zoo! ;p dont think i can be there sunday.  but sometime i will !i want to!
ok so i did shed a few tears watching the preview for next weeks medium. i'm so scared. i'm so addicted to this show. i love it
it's so not like me  i'm in the middle of coordinating a 3-point move: stuff from il --> old nyc apt + all stuff --> new apt.
[URL] - im in love wit this fool from college hill
watching the kids eating an ice cream.
hahaha im broke, i need money  sighh.
haha i fail  just remember sohcahtoa xd
this is original from yours truly...  'if you want to become wealthy, learn the things most ppl say they don't have time for' -me
oh noes! the tv is broken  no red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside
what the heck? why?? what's going on?
my love!!! we still havn't done lunch together like we said we would.. i miss you my friend
i'm giving my sis a show at my crib sunday, she's an incredible jewelry designer, but you'll be gone
[URL] bonfires are my fave!
i am saving for a ipod touch, a 1tb external and a ram upgrade. no more morning coffees
aww thanks hopefully it is
i'm exhausted  new song 'one day' on myspace check out [URL]
[URL]  heres the link  i'll be talking to you on hereeeeee about it during the movie (x
so nice how natalie taught jameson 'why'!!!
feeling rather peckish...no dinner for at least 2 hours  wah
if i could only update my status in just one place....
had to come in, was baking out there and have slight headache now
[URL] - miss my bestfriend :'( now she left school
: 'bring it on: in it to win it' is the best movie ever!!  u are the best actress, singer, dancer and role model ever<33 xoxo
woke up dreaming i met my hero; author anne rice & her son, author christopher rice. i was in such euphoria. perhaps i would someday.
gonna dream about my prince charming tonight, n see if everything goes back to normal. i really hope so   <3
its gonna be a beautiful day!
its raining its pouring.............where is my spooning  buddy
just finished watching he's just not that into you.  loved it.
they already are in my books
is sad cuz my mommy leaves to indy today
taking a load of old broken concrete to the landfill. tried to find a recycler
yes hindustan rocks dude! dunia mein asay koi fusion nehi milegi
i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun
hello beautiful. how's mariahs baby? jackie still isn't talkin to me. i called her n left her a message the other day.
watir in ???????  [URL]
ha ha ha  i know! love it! love him!
hahaha! yes, i do
i dont understand sensex..but wow!
its so hard letting her go and seeing her cry.
is saving up 'till hk.
sees the finish line disappearing in a plethora of emails!!!    wah!
wowzer! it's very windy. not good for my allergies!!
finally home!! tomorrow is day 2 of 'amazing'.
**** culture is increasing in india,govt has to make new laws such as wat will be charges if a boy tease a boy nd wat if a boy rapes a boy
very much much much mash!!!! more please
yes i can talk friench and in my picture this is me in france !!  now , i'm in london and soon i'm going to l.a
ok peeps have good morning i'm going to bed    hit me up later
happy mothers day everybody
ok, just noticed it is in theatres now - don't know when it's showing in vancouver though
_marie better than hudgens.  omg our song came on on shuffle. what would you do - city high.
woo hoo.!  i made it to one of your favorites!  see.... monday's rock!!
just watched the movie the holiday. i had forgotten what a feel good movie it was!  lovely evening.
i like light out, walls up & shatter'd the most! great work, germany must get to know you asap..
so glad its friday! only 1 week of schol left.  im glad its almost summer though.
omg i want to go to the beach!!!
time to hit the study notes! prep for friday's exam!
shattered! pwg botched his hybrid dolphin shirt order and sent him xl
has a head cold
happy robbie drank a good bit, as long as he doesn't wake up sick
google wave looks cool. i should be working for these guys, i came up with some of these ideas years ago.  [URL]
wow great promo for orbicule. is there an english translation somewhere? my norwegian isn't that good
i miss you so much-o
i had a dream there was some kind of bug on my eye
nick's voice still makes me wanna kill things
that reminds me, i need to pick up a mask 2mrw. thanks  i prefer not to take meds because i will b addicted
i think taylor laughtner and selena gomez are the cutest couple! i love them both! just read it on m! my fave mag
i feel your pain... dont you hate those days
happy mothers day! will be going out later at 6 pm to watch a well renowned group of singers!
got my grubby paws on a live recording of paramore. you have to hear. its better than chocolate
fire call today missed it
trying to get into the groove of studying  heeelllppppp meeeeeeee
no boby will not talk 2 me
i was talking with my best friend ï¿½ureo about i-phones, rio de janeiro, and valentines day in brazil. he has a girlfriend and iï¿½m not
alone @ home... nice  very nice!!
i'm not off till 930
i know  its nice haha
this weekend was a very relaxing one.. i was at my cousin's place and watch a tv series 'tru calling' really cool
is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. it's no fun being forced to use your left hand
ha - check the high scores today, currently i have the no1 slot at 306,000
somehow i am going to have to figure out how to come to sydney one day
or he's gonna chop you up into tiny bits - one of the two
spent some time with the guild wars 4th birthday update. menagerie is a welcome new feature... for rangers anyway.
is closing at 10 instead of 12 yay!!  just 15 min till i can go home and talk to my lovebug!!
chick at coles hit on me. haha ran into cousin
happy mother day for all the strong hard working mothers, may god bless you and your family
we went, we bought, we conquered! and we came back with the most delicious custard croissant
press 'ctrl' on bottom right. it's there.  ky
very sad that my camera is in the hands of the geek squad. 2-3 weeks!
feeling sick and wondering if i should get out of bed to go throw up or just go to sleep...
slept all day.. lol. now time to start on my un article.. what fun (: ...
finishing one shift in 37 mins... drive half an hour and start all over again till 1am...and back in @ 11am tomorrow .. and its sunny
yeeeeah . . . and it was in into too  seen empire top 100 computer games? [URL]
i am native, not french ! i hate this ! !  ! trying to find animals in french, i suck, someone help pleeeeease  ? alone- allison iraheta ?
but...but...i'm not!
friday tubes at work are slow..
watching a movie and rocking my baby kitty who is asleep in my sling hanging from my neck. so cute
booo dario let tk get a hair cut
also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev
har vondt i ryggen my back hurts
we waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me
italy or greece for me  love italian men hehe ;)
ugh i'm tired
i just knew you'd get that!
oh  il probs do wt i do every yaer watch the first one then watch the last couple of weeks lol
sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer
had fried oreos downtown vegas, went to the park with her cousins. best day everrrr.  happy mommy's day!
actually,we r going there in june with my office colleagues,paid by company
happy mother's day to all moms!
thinking 0f him  <3
its it done?
goood afternooon
i know. but it won't be the same
sydney - toyota - landcruiser - 1996 - $10,000  - new ad received and will be posted on the hcc site soon
such a terrible day  only six now...
firefly...that's nathan fillion as in
am hungry.. going to eat... catch up with you guys later & 4 people who are hurt by my sardonic quotes - why are you waiting, hit me back
when nina picked up my call lastnight i didnt know she was talking to me and i like totally didnt answerr
i would say 10 years younger is not too young, but he would have to be intelligent, good convo skills and other skills
circus was fun - i don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min
im really tired.. not much time to sleep
oh dear.
did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the best dresses, i want them but i dont have ebay
_lord but that means you'll leave me alone.
or elope  i can't wait to see the pictures of you in the dress. it will be breath taking
such a fun night. i needed the break. ps- i love you man is effing hilarious! good night twitter world. sweet dreams
feel sorry for adam cook. be strong for david and family
woot. just had my interview! went awsome! i didn't get to talk with mr. johnny thought...  oh well i still did really good!
sad   miss my friends !
dear itto what could possibly be that bad? xo
i love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i also like the new profile pic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ed is off to cornwall with school for a week confused   +
-was just told by dan to not say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =(
#jonaswebcast i just missed it!!!!
goodnight!!!
and the 'fuck  ' was because i dont get my gift!   i was so exited about it, and it was sooo awesome...
kk, i just had 888 followers like a minute ago
is not going to service tonight due to the fact that i've yet to find a dress for prom tomorrow. ugh
well uhm i guess u pretty do now dont u? lol but it still sounded good
tell me about it. i spend 20 of the 45 min in the morning on computer. doesn't leave a lot of time 4 showering & hair-do'ing.
that's true.  it still sucks though 'cause i was all 'lolol i am so original--ohshit' so. but yeah. thanks!
left.  so sad. waiting for mom to come home. want to have papa johns for dinner.
_wockeez  don't wanna miss any of your shows...you guys kick it! sad to say...my plane is in the shop...
that sucks  i seriously hope you feel better soon, you need to come over next week!!!
i was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for cry me a river.
wish you were doing one in san francisco!
i had a super cool dream last night.  asked me and  to be on her show. wooowww.  *hopes it will come true* )
i'm boredddd. the day has gone quick  i don't like it!
_pollard never. i'm banned by court order
i saw them at a show a few weeks ago.  hate to say i was not all that impressed    fun. and as were good, though.
i have drunk hickups. i had a pretty laid back, great night. but i still can't help but be mad about the situation i put myself in
but i know i can't
gutted your not playing kos in july jules
that's the way it crumbles, cookie-wise
kashtam ! wonder what would be the similey  for csk
dad: 'no trips to lahore for you.' me: 'i do live in dc & nyc which also = big targets.' bummer, no pizza hut chicken tikka pizza for me
thanks, btw which men's hairstyles are in right now? i'm growing my hair long  anyway hope you are having a good weekend!
_assassin  we are soooo sorry   we love kitties and know how much they become a part of you.
flipping between the race and the nba playoffs.  pulling for dale jr and 'bron 'bron....
lol..wat was vibes doin on atlantic? & where's ur shirt in your twitter pic? lol
lol! salivary gland?? frm those little flies?? no way!  alison=drama queen  oh no, ur brain hurts? a new brain is growing!
at piece now  possibly beachwood in a bit
at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
that was the class i was keen on. guess i have to wait for next summer. bummer.
gross. it's hot, and there's cotton everywhere.. hello allergies.
sadly  isn't me. it's some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update & hasn't used twitter since may 1, '07  i wanted that name, too
thirty minutes turned into three hours. oops
_nigeria oh yeah i know  we met when i was taking out the trash, hhaha
it's month end  i'm here till 11
thank you, gerbino, for forcing us starting junior year to make survey mockups. let me tell you how super helpful this skill has been.
p.s.: uv rays are just as strong with clouds as with regular sun, sometimes stronger. just fyi.
that's a great point... but i'm not **** in any! woods, sara... you should know better.  haha
grr...fatboy slim is out of the edc lineup.
i will  i enjoyed doing the peg bags, i've adapted the design for a tote bag  bit cuter than i normally do
that is amazing she will be happy with it enjoy your sunday  ****
forward to starting teaching new students all about hypnosis, will have plenty of laughs i'm sure
_bloody_poet  bad friends! sorry to hear that.
i wish there was an 'i like' option (like fb) for things like this
had lunch. watching holes on bbc1.
the one and the same! should be a good gig
dude, come on... at least rotate that ****!
ran over a worm skating...  poor wormie. but glad to be back.
the aila cyclone left my house in calcutta with a broken sunshade, balcony and a huge branch of tree thru our bathroom window.....
aw got orthodontist today
you must ask the cubs fans. i can't fathom it myself.
yorks v lancs on the telly. not going too well for yorkshire.
i always want to be perfect. thatï¿½s so hard cause i even know that itï¿½s impossible. ...
its true...i can never be like _bambu never
yay, i won at the  bags #giveaway from . and those bags are so pretty!! or maybe i'll have a belt? we'll see!
my poor poor mouth
so it's rainy in georgia, what do i do? wear bright colors and hope the sun comes out!  (i'm doubtful that this is going to work)
rb  vi...t.y both  ? [URL]
lol you saw where i was going with that...both of my last names are to common nothing special on me
i'm so happy i aced my final!
my son is back at school today - feeling much better. he wasn't too sick...he didn't stop eating!
sometimes games are cruel because they're not real... like last night when i won $128,600 on wheel of fortune
that's sad. trauma... future serial killer...
i drive >90mph on a daily basis. u cld film fast & furious off of me. but anything  <1 mph is not my forte'. i bump anything!.
welcome to twitter  i hoped it wouldn't be long before you saw the light and joined us!
it's hot.  i could turn on the a/c, but i'm trying to be green for as long as i can stand it   right now i'm just a little red and shiny.
exams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go
it could be worse  so u usually a nite owl?
is suprisingly okay. or possibly still drunk. goodbyes suck though
thats funny.. actually.. i could use a haircut...might be growing it out thru august for woodstock anniversary party....40 yrs
it's natsmith88 last friday today
mad because quiz 5 answer on the bet ford fusion sweepstakes are all wrong
dude. letters are the new currency. i think we're rich!
can't wait for sytycd tour with ashleighhh & izzayyy
?  ... thx for ur msg, so awesome!  luv the new single! xoxo [URL]
get lit  i am  [URL]
im seeing this guy 2moro arvo after skl cus he asked me to
not a very good day at the house
you too!   happy mom's get to rule and kids have to take it day
didn't work for me  except when i used the word autofollow and got followed by an bot selling an autofollow program.
hahahah thank you  feel the love
but if you got hit by a car, who would make such lovely music?
room is so empty
buffett lambastes bankers, insurers for ï¿½greed,ï¿½ ï¿½stupidityï¿½ [URL]
rainy day today.  no car so we're stuck in the house   i needed to go to the post office too...bastards
_mraz [URL] - popcorn crazy dude and still adorable
off to my lil sisters  graduation...they grow up so quick
one new follower
everyone we have another hater
i am so stoked on seeing you with the jonas brothers
taking requests for nkkairplay
i miss the old healthy me and i am loosing faith that i ever will be again
you should direct your 'wanting to invest in ' questions to  or .  they are the big cheeses.
freakin' hawt guys at this restaurant...where i'm eating dinner with my father
how freaking cold is it out in sydney tonight...
i loved the song when i first heard it..but that video just gave me goosebumps. thanks for sharing
ugh. i'm so tired. waitin for the bus.  good morning!
working!!! still sick
_believer i know! that's ok, most did ;) thanks
he's off!
i'll give u an icecream ?
dollhouse was saved!!! its coming back for another season!!! too bad scrubs isn't
just got back from work, ot na naman. what's new?
really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill, listenin 2 music, twttrg. but the gas gauge isn't lookin healthy
omg that's right hahaha i'm stupid
have a good day!
_78 i'm sowwy u have to work w/an idiot. i will call u if u want. just to break up ur day.
fantastic week in london but atrocious 8 hour journey home
i think im becoming obsessed with mgmt- kids  <3
hello may you have a great day
people still mail things?
lucky u im stuck in the rain...
i keep trying but no, i didn't win  had the right answer though! trick question!
morning all....beautiful day...best go enjoy some sunshine before i have to go to work...unfortunately
the most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone i love. what's worse is i can't even hold them and say i'm sorry
watching supernatural!  how exciting.
the sun is breaking through the clouds!...and now it's covered up again.
oh oh! going shopping with my best friend today! yaay! going to be so much fun  need to get alot of new clothes..
yeah, i made the python conversion script for the provider's extranet in 1 day (3 expected). a way to promote #python at #jcdecaux
just put the brats to bed, now im chillin with noodle
downloadfestival's lineup isn't as good as i thought it was. there are some other awesome bands doing the festivals, but missing dl
heyy nat! twitter twitter twitter. you'll get used to it hahaha  love youuuuuuuuuuu
oh yea, my pain went down a little bit from laughing so hard which was good and nice for once.
omg i didnt tweet all that much today.... *sadness*
man my daddy left to work again  i never see him a lot i miss my daddy :' (
thx for ff  #followfriday
happy mothers day!!!!
misses her work peeps
bike trail - 1, miss j - 0, two front teeth - 1 1/2.. hopefully! vacations suck!
going to shopping place thingie! brb laterz!
needs a non-long distance boyfriend/girlfriend. watching sonny with a chance
[URL] - i love that game  xxxx
lol thanks.  i do like to be on top. i'm going to enjoy this. how long can i be up there?
no more mshs!!!!!!!! gotta go to work...too tired
kind of tired of poopy puppy patrol....who knew two lil doggies could make so much um...waste. they are super cute though
dammit i cant watch stadium music
i'm so sleepy my head hurts.  gnite lovers! see ya in that am !
why i still lose followers?  the people hates me, the world hates me or maybe ... read more: [URL]
save me--i feel like i'm going crazy.  ? [URL]
i'm excited! hust let me know when you want to go over to lucky7 tattoos
_sounds bicycle? sucks i cant ride with you
correct! i adore him. i just plucked him up and put him under my arm cuz he was cryin.  all better now! hahaha
just bad good leader and delegate it
mmm - home-made pizza (that i helped to make), a home-made cheesecake (to eat soon) & family... a nice day for mother & nanna
not working here
michael porter is haunting me again. ugh. the five forces. but i don't remember the other 9 strategies for competitive advantage.
fell down while holdin kales hand today...i hurt my foot & he bruised his forehead  im such a klutz!
_e lol yeah i had a few slices of cheddar cheese b4 sleeping.
mc, happy mother's day to your mom ;).. love yah
i sorry sweetpea... almost over with!
ugh - car got stolen sometime between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  like we can afford this???
intel gfx driver situation much better with recent upgrades. kernel 2.6.30rc4 and driver from git: suspend working again, fewer mem leaks
tis a book...called love, **** and tragedy. highly interesting. influence of classical on modern world
sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
my phone is so stubborn!! you'd think it had my genes or something!!
happy mothers day to all you mom out there
im a bad blogger!! i have not blogged in weeks~ oops!
i think i hate you.  i didnt really want to but you make it hard for me to like you what with the cake and concert on the  ...
just got nudged by diane.
wh-wha? hacky sack plans sans jackie???
sorry to hear that carol.
ze franz has not friended me  i think they think i'm a creepy stalker or sommat. hmph.
may the 4th be with you all
i'm sure you left the audience awestruck katherine. looking forward to reading some wonderful reports.
pshh i dont have it
i'm working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all **** day and starting this so late.
it's friday here in chicago...and i'm stuck @ home agh i'm bored!!! grr!
- not early at all, just say you are running on eastern time  hope you had fun at your auditions! canada ftw!
hello all my new followers, there is suddenly a lot of you, so will take a little time to get round to you all
gonna go round up some dvds to sell...  i will miss them, but i need money!
peeps still here. fun times. gotta sleep tho. work in the a.m. some cool, hot chicks here. but none as cool as ____________. missing her
ok all, bedtime for this bonzo! i just got done with my math homework and my brain is done for the day. nite nite  have a great day!
says good (or should i say bad?) afternoon!  [URL]
cower failure: when you mean to comply, but stand up for yourself instead
i think i'd be like phoebe's mom on friends - stop the movie before the sad part.
i wanna go to the beach...but i have to study
back from comedy night. great fun. it's only midnight. i'm knackered. i'm getting old
match of handball this a the afternoon
walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down
staying after school today
worst, most depressing day, ever.  r.i.p
just cross 'cause i'm stuck twiddling my thumbs now, ugh
english exam! bleh i hate vocab
i'm so sad i wish i was going to
lettuce & spinach does best in cool weather.. i live in florida..not much luck growing those..
ow. sunburn hurts!
victor drew hannah montanna in my yearbook.hahaha. i'm going to miss my 2nd per so much
home from taking nick home - a little lighter in pocket after being flashed by a speed camera
i dint dump anyone. it's always me who gets dumped and blamed. that's why i don't believe in relationships. #twpp
darn i dont have guitar tomorrow
never has a chance of sleeping before midnight  my mind is so tired......
very heart-warming indeed. i'll be looking forward to that day
still totally excited that my oldest friend  has twitter. i luff my spencer! even though he has rabies
instant internet marketing empire! + *bonus* recoup your investment in 24 hours or less  [URL]
girl talk is awesome
haha so bored...but happy mothers day!
working on a logo & i keep getting click happy  its me, not photoshop i dont they have a 'stupid stop clickin' in ps do they?
i work tomorrow
loving the # dreambears on #britains got talent
oh no jess i hope the person is ok
er yea am i doubly awesome now?
ouuchh! i hurt my index finger!! ahhhh
i'm putting in societe generale in china. very interesting stuff but has me away too much ... gotta fix that!
sayid could be dead.
_conrad you take such good photos.
academy rector with tons of tutors looks like the way to go, since all the good trix draw engines and mana accel is gone.
forecast in sf for friday, may 29: 66 degrees.
last days of maternity leave
of course it is   [URL]
4 novos followers [URL] sorry, the account you were headed to has been suspended due to strange activity. strange ï¿½ ï¿½timo
yeah i think it just depends on what you're doing with it, but at least im getting it for free  ill miss my sk though
oh i just check my stock port. my marketing was unable to buy me ticon at best price
_2008 lol oh dnt worry u'l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! hope you have a good day today!
posting my first tweet!!
ugh, looks like you'll have some work to do . good luck
sometimes after a long weekend, you just need good conversation. thanks bro
& to you matey
may the forth be with you
amazing, my brand new pari neb broke. go figure. and it's the weekend. looks like i won't be getting another one until next week.  *sigh*
really? awesome! we love it...and i work at buckhead church too. i love it all around.
catching up on my tweets, i saw ac's promo of your new blog before yours, i knew immediately it would be yours by the title
wow... you're doing this all through text?  i would get tired after a while
would get u some if u were here
awww!  i was thinking about you lot up there!  glad you enjoyed it.
my jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. holy cow, am i getting shorter?!?
my phone works! its whack. well good morning. gonna go eat breakfast with neil before school starts
ur welcome...anytime
he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa, i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..
off to class
i was wondering about your sanity for a bit there, dear
hi sweetiepie!! it's friday night and i'm .... missing my sidekick & his slippers.  it's just not friday night w/o him.
no i mean 2moz. i'm workin' 7-1 in a bakers then 6-4 later in a pub
listening to some nice music.. i think i should go to bed now so i get nice and rested but i'll miss russel brand's ponderland
shower. then back to bed. so sick still.
im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...
meeting went well last night.they shot promo to air this weekend on mtv. i tried to hide but i was too close, i think they caught me.
i'm an iphone owner, so i don't really have a choice on which media player i use. fyi apple makes terrible windows software
having a great time with family!! big ups to my bro n sis in law for hanging out  love n peace! {be free}
_grubb sweet... my friend kevin is joining us (but i have his #). look 4 the girl carrying a backpack & boulder pad.
i can hear it now...
to spend the weekend...to not spend the weekend.....that is hte question that is on my mind...
_augustine yes, it is. though not in coffee   so what's your favorite brand?
yeayyy! good for you
back from x-men origins . was surprisingly good
sometimes black girls just piss me off like a ****!
has today off! but has to work tomorrow
then google vs. twitter . mother's day vs. mothers day . . mother's day - web1.0 type. mothers day is social media -web2.0
chilling with colton who just redesigned the cocktail hacker card backs for me.
the matrix online shuts down next month...wow...i feel kinda sad about it
lol thats the highlight
my mother is drunk grrrreat.. it's okay it's mothers week
i may be telling myself that cos he never replies to me
happy mother's day, mom  i hope the breakfast was nice.  i love u ?
morning(ish)  hows everyone?
_bennett gotta go drive my dad around today, but i'll be back this afternoon.
great mood todayyyyyyyyy. super excited for the game tonight, not so excited to be one year older (tomorrow).
'viewers of my linkedin profiel also viewed barack obama, francisco van jole and erwin blom.' i'm in good company.
i got my film developed at asda, half of them are just gray!! and some have a black box on the top half  why?
can i have a splodge of ketchup on mine please?!
@ ahhhhh fml! classic crime is sold out!
around better..  how are you ?
reading my book in the sunshine, goona be a good day
also finally home with no friends or anyone.. kinda nice to sit in a quiet room.. do wish the gf was here tho...
#sanctuarysunday awesome news about the leo awards for sanctuary, looks like they got 4 out of the 10 they were nomintated for, not bad!
[URL] - man i love your shelves! way to go diy diva!
still no shout out for spider
is on the road now! with 7 hours ahead and a beautiful girl behind
my vibe is currently downed.  the only thing amusing me is my joker shirt. *looks down and pokes shirt* i want a peanut butter sandwich...
i'm so honored to hear my name on a breezy track  hope u liked my ****! #drunk_bowling
house of the muses 4, page 28 is now live.   [URL]
fun on facebook.
aww i wish the same thing...
yawn! ow, caught a cramp  maybe i should take a nap
do not do it  i've seen enough  movies to 'know' that something terrible will happen... lol
bawkmarked
download movie  'jackass 3' [URL] cool #movie
feeling better today, but still sick.
oh no!! don't be horrible  lol no but she was a better singer even if she didn't cry... don't u think? she made me cry haha!
won't be going to the oxford internet institute summer doctoral programme in brisbane: lack of funding
math was not fun at all. oh well, i get to cook as soon as i get home.
bye y'all wolverine soon  ooaf hugh jackman, tell ya what he can sctrahc me anytime ;)
i am so sad... how come pooch hall from the game has not accepted my friend request on facebook yet
unpacking my new toy arrived in the studio right now  it's called tc finalizer. can't wait to check how it sounds !!!
writing this post on my new ipod touch!
went with john grisham instead... she was very pleased & never suspected a thing, lol. hope tomorrow is a better day for you
i have to choose between  and _fc on sunday and  wins. i'm shattered.  why can't i be healthy enough to go to both?
thought i saw the a-trak van, turns out its the alcohol- team van.
mmmm holiday commercials really are nice
i hear ya. you'll have to go back to work to rest.
one downside of the nice weather: it brings of the chavs...
was pawing thru elle & saw you innit!
driving past tattered cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week.
hello there  ?
fallen in love with enter shikari again. might go for a walk with the lady later.  now though
finds the hardest thing about being a christian is to put god as first in his life.  i need help..
morning
hey guys = ) i went to jenny's house today!! i had so much fun    so how about everyone else? what did u guys doo?
twenty minutes on a **** call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue
i miss you...  come over and say bye before i leave!!
or a wonderful talking alarm call from i-phone or bed side alarm call! i can just imagine the wake up messages lol
sinus headaches suck big time!
is tired on her friendster account.
it wasn't the best flick, to be sure.  i'm just ready for 'star trek' now
was eating a manderin. but it's all gone now!
i wanna karaoke!  instead...i get to go to work  lameness
isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough
about to head to starbucks. was gonna take the bus to paradise and starbucks, but missed it by 2 minutes.
noo  i'm in miami and i just wanna lay out in the sun..but the rain has stopped me
at work making more $$.. the only thing that keeps me going is knowing i can shop some more once i get paid  i'm becomin a shopaholic hehe
i can't call you cause my portable sais that this number not excist  i want so much to talk to you
haha  i love dnt regret it now with tyga <3 but just randomly, deleon sings on tifanny blews! haha like one line.. xd
no probs(: and yeah im still sick. no school today  lol. feel really **** but thats because im dancing lol . thanks
i totally did go! and he was amazing. he's is the reason i bought the tix. he only did 3 songs. but blood bank was 1.
at halu for dinner... second time this week!!
happy mommy day!!
sad that our neighbors just cut down all the trees around their house! it looked so pretty before, and they seemed healthy.  tragic.
firefox again taking upwards of 600k of memory, time to restart ff
happy mothers day, too all mums out there  remember treat your mum well, she brought you into this life =]
is feeling sad  i so dont do goodbye'z!!!!
watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.
#3wordsaftersex goodbye innocence!!!
so bored, i have a headache.
who you snugglin with tila???
another one popped up a human being. congrats nana and wan.  baby iris is a cutie.
awwww ur already gone
good morning! it's going to be a kick-butt day!
no free wifi!?!? my vacay is ruined!!!!
cleaning my room
am i the only one experiencing problems logging into digital point forums ???
- going somewhat out of town? (x visitng uncle boyet & famm!
my head huwwts
hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
i don't feel good.  .my throat hurts!!!!
yeah, it's a bit 80s silly at points but i love it
fuckyoumonday?  i like it. it's a totally ****-tastic rainy day here. :/ i'm off to work. *hugs*
finally watched the rest of the guild season 2. i always feel so sorry (and hopeful at the same time) for your char,
feels not good at all
happy juddday
now every saturday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. and no friday or monday off for july 4th either.
what happened? i missed 4 hours of updates
today was soo fun!!  happy bday chrissy <3
thinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.
just went to the dentist my mouth hurts and i can't eat until 8
wishes you hadn't teased me with movie night
ugh 2 days whatever to somewhere
_kartz i've been studying for a year now  and 5 years in school...
has just received a phone call for new patients...i guess that means work for tomorrow!
packing up for the trip to ascari track, thank you bacardi
#beijing good massage for you & sexy girl & 100% real photo  13341015518 - w4 (beijing): hi, .. [URL]
got a case of the bubblies.
lol and that's why i use my ipod touch
say it isn't so!
so i passed out last night in the middle of 4th quarter. i didn't witness my magic lose
lol, yes  hence my wanting to watch more!
i miss yoooooooou my poia
@ beardburk: their being optimistic
_a_hart ah.. birmingham! i remember being there in the wrox days
wow, kinda bothered that jon is doing deposits now.  apparently he keeps getting **** out of times, but deposits are so hard for me
not a problem,  glad to!
it's gonna be a super long day
hello  ...hehe yup we sure do ...lovely to 'see' you ****
i don't feel well at all
ended up riding down brick lane  the a12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes)ï¿½ took an hour to get in.
(ooc: -we'll do it.  )
gratiss
_apple miss you too kid i sent msg to you on yt
good night,  happy mother's day !!
going to be buckling down this week. so, relief for my twitter followers from my inanity. enjoy my silence.
aww i don't want u to suffer  it's just midol isn't working for me. grrrrr i hate that stuff. but i love you tho.
p.s. dead like me was awsome. loved that show  missed the last 2 episodes tho ?
: i've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is i no longer have a fully functional bike to ride
is not a happy bunny
going home. hope one of you out there saw the play.
is so gutted she can't get tickets for pink!
watching a movie with sam
i'm soooooooo hungry right now. dh is still not home.
_radio i'm too awake now  ill have a nap this afternoon
sunday my last day at apple but i won't be in. come kick it with me at el farolito 4817 mission street @ 730pm
i lost my voice . what should i do ? it's very torture
ahhhhh now if you go away  by  is on  yay my other fav song of theirs
all cash  and looking for trades...can't find any
definitely dont be offended. im messing around with various twitter apps and strange things keep happening.
my baby has his first busted lip.
night night dollies  you are al so amazing
yay - star trek really is 'that good'! happy to not be let down  gotta see it on imax now...
- bingley, just for that practise-the-proposal scene toward the end. so endearing
still a newbie in twitter!
who is saying all this...are you ignoring me *frowns*
it's still the 4 am hour at home and my day has begun... gonna drink a lot of coffee today.
yea tre hood claim thats atl theme song which it aint!! lol  but its a youtube vid. that i posted yesterday
the wilshire.  (it is where i stayed last year, too
becuz you braggin
3 to go, and uploading photos to email would be ten tenenen tenen.. done
good morning good old germany - i wanna say hello to new york.  i'm not in love. . .not really.
is watching britains got talent, & is biting her nails. please don't come off black nail varnish
freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  tear.....
i really like miller park too  too bad the cubs aren't leading, hopefully they can get it together soon
sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. how are you miss long time..
gonna miss thick as blood next friday
i need 2 b getting 2 sleep 4 the night. have a good sunday
saw the deforestation.so not surprised of bad back but  moan back at you.lol
where'd the songs go on the site, i want 'do you' on this computer too
wut u want a shot of ma?
gooodmorning people of earth!
haha i'll keep that in mind  so far, i reckon i have enough money to stop my hair greying when i retire ;d
actually maybe not - it's sold out for sat lunch
dizzy  i wanna lie die, but those calories aren't gonna just balk because i ignore them.
ugh sittin at work waiting for the carpets to be cleaned.  i was suppose to be out by 7
when i say 'we close at 6', it does not mean 'come in at 6'. ffs people. also rip polly
friday yay!! and a bonus, don't have to drive to wales tonight.  athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride
new article about band called mgmt @ atbfm.solidsyn.net
keep dreamin'!!!! though.... if she does.... hook me up  lol
touch my hand video = simply amazing.  love it.
must go to strawberry fields!!
bummer. macbook is bugging out  any mac heads want to lend a helping hand.
sweet spice girls sing along w good friends
lets leave the nervousness until tomorrow!
or a mexican wrestler. they year capes too. you probably haven't the build for it though.
i told that joke onstage at butlins in 1991. one person laughed. scarred for life at 8
what don't be sad?  be glad. your 21
i know.  sorry.
it was my fault for leaving my flip-flops outside my locker while swimming at usf koret but why oh why would you want to take 'em? #r2imt
someone hardcoded 650mb into my brain back in the 90s
making yet another attempt to attend church on a sunday morning!  looking forward to it y'all.
stop being mean to me!! ur hurting my feelings
we keep very different hours.
_morley where are you? in bris? i can't hear any thunder
sure. but be careful also of making statements that we don't do it. parallel ideas do happen. i've seen it myself.
anddd justin. eff
thank you
moved the first load of stuff into 's garage for storage.. now for round two..   me and guys move into our new place on monday!
thanks bebeisis that is right is your name by any chanve elisabeth???
going to the dentist
going home.. no meeting today
it's not even cold here, but im wearin a big jacket! it's got cat ears on it
happy early mothers day!!!!
what a smashing show tonight! love the killers! wish i had been there, gutted... such a shame they got cut off mid-song at the end
joining twitter
cool music collection, can be used for non-intrusive background music - music from keygens!   [URL]
is jay leno's last show tonight
wow, that's really sweet! i'm assuming this is blog-related.  thanks so much.
aww what kind of dog do u have? i have a chihuahua named zoey
_deadgirl :hard stare:
in communications class
im home where i am about 2 drink alone.
everyone's talking about the goodies at #bea09.  i wanna be there.
i want to join but i live in michigan
sooo readyyy for the summerr babyyyy!!!!!!!!!
my stomach is all explode from the wendys  why is everything that tastes good bad for you?
yaaaay! i think i might have aced my history test today!
bill, likewise it was a pleasure- next time we should spend more time talking  #ims09
i hate when it's cloudy. i either want it to be all sunny or raining. it's cloudy
in a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time...
god, brera, why is your plot twist going to **** everything up i can feel it
i know hella  i wish i could be how my mom was and just move across the usa!
50 kayla-lee, i think your the only one that knows what that number means lol  x
hello twitter
bones (the show). check. pb & j. check. writing my play. check. the simple joys are still here, even if the greatest are gone.
hey  sorry about your headahce
morning.  tweet tweet.
_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no id!! my weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!!
chillin' following some cool people!
the food here looks amazing! our dessert is frozen grand marnier souffle, of course we have to eat @ the bar
_coppinger nope  day off sleep time ha
summer clothes panic over..i see rain clouds !!  still going swimming though..i'm feeling in a holiday mood
good morning, twitter community! i just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my mom and bisquick.
fell off the wagon and had a maccy's!!
being lame and not in deland with his favorite people
_bloggerific
whew! thassa relief
your missing qualifying  i think david reutimann is leading with a 22.96 ....
just potted some geraniums then talked to the grandkids, well maddie - jack was outside playing.  i sure miss 'em!!!
mom just 'he'd' me. *sigh* she's wonderful, and it was just a slip, but you'd think after coming with for my surgery it might go away...
ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me.
why would you want a clone? unboxed a new 24' imac last night and it's beautiful! too bad it's not mine
yay we're gonna leave earlier!  can't wait to get back to hawthorne!
is helping  making a twitter account
well well...so sorry! let's dance  it's fabulous hobby
haha ofcoooursee you do, its pretty much a must, and pluss its dress up night, jst added incentive
the sun is out, can you believe it
so seriously...i need a date to a wedding. really dont wanna go alone. its may 23rd...any chance?
hey u havent spoken to ur london bff for a while whats up! wish i can vote  brody's here soon ill tell him 2 vote 4u from me
welcome  #follow #freude
talkin to sum1 special
sorry 'bout the migraine.  did i mention i really liked your cissbury (sp?) pic last week?
really? bahaha. i love that you relate people to that. haha.
just saw a trailer for batman arkham asylum and you can play as the joker. but that's only ps3 exclusive. ****  that hurt.
i am excited to be home  finally a week and a weekend with people i know
just make sure you have it well done
thanks  sweet dreams to you too!
sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day
we are looking forward to daddy returning from work on saturday. he's been gone a whole month
my cheeeks hurt so bad. what happened!?
recovering from an italian cruise in the mediterenean
oh i'm sorry for that. how old was your grandpa?
thanks for the followfriday recommendation! we're actually at @_careerbuilder_ though!
here's a definition of network neutrality for those who may be interested  [URL]
i'm not a hobo.
that's exactly why i follow you.
has just come back from horse riding, what a brilliant day
sportsmens warehouse finally got field points in, i can now use all my arrows.
_cera that is so awesome  awwww.
i'm wondering how big the rumored new 'large screen' kindle will be - [URL] -and when we can start seeing k12 textbooks on it
compliment taken. thanks. key is to be yourself
jammin to capital in my garden  ****
[URL] grace's funzen magic mood tool for keeping her cool in the pool of real life which is now yours too
well it sounds like sum kids with matches lit sum grass on fire
i am so sorry i fell asleep first
so i slept 12 hrs! my body is aching
using my brothers g1 phone.. love it! driving to vegas... my phone died this morning and my charger broke
made breakfast today......happy mother's day ..
finishing the video. **** me, it's so long
kids attacking your keyboard?
i'm getting this assignment done
can't sleep....restless mind! agh
yay!! my computer came today. too bad it's being held hostage at my parents' house until i can pick it up
was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew
god assignments are stressful ! but its finished now lol and im off to bedd
enjoyed last night at what i call 'real world social networking' -  lok event in vancouver.  it was great!.  but headeache today
thanks for your definition of throwbie!  editors reviewed your entry and have decided to not publish it.
ahhhhhh i got stitches  i seriously cant wait to go to the beach! summer hurry up!!!!!!
aww that's still awesome. you had fun though i can assume.
least u can get some more! im broke
watching the krystle vs. alexis catfights on youtube.. i miss dynasty
happy star wars day!!  unbelievable
i haven't got a text back!  sod her i looks fabulous!
have space right next to the rack for another one. so plenty of space for ccna,ccnp,ccie lab!
another water leak in my appartement. the good side is that i get to meet the girls previous & next floors
i can't listen to music at work  i probably could try, but then i'll have to start hunting for a new job on monday
i want dec to be my dad
couldn't see one, but i'm probably blind  do you have a link to it?
what happened? i'm afraid i missed a large part of the story
at the orthodontisssttt
daddy is in the hospital  i dont like it!
another friday night with nothing to do ...boyfriend works until 1am
my sister graduated today  it was amazing and super emotional. wow ...
awake, man, i need to go to sleep, i gots to wake up early for church tomorow.
i feel sick..like don't wanna get out of bed, be bothered, don't go 2 work, turn da light off, pull da shades n tv off type of sick
off to sacto to take babies to kennel
i want her more on survivor!!
i am very angry at this information marcos!!!!!!
just ignore it.....and get sum rest...get rid of that headache
why windows vista
thinks aaron is pretty darn awesome
we just missd each otha again! i was at disney all day yesterday!
nope  don't you think it's a crime? :/
happy mother's day
wishing the rain would stay away for a while so that i can go to the pool
havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter.. tweetdeck is broken
wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there
i wish.
thank you! tadi jam 12.30pm
eli in the er  they pricked his finger for blood sugar and he was trying not to cry [URL]
this is the end of the semester so i am really busy... have got no time for twitting  what a pity cause i love it
see no evil starring wwe wrestler kane. you should watch it
i guess you will find out shortly.
may the 4th be with you  #starwarsday (via )
going home  but when i get home , black berry ! woo hoo  . . . and get to see presten ! <3
ahhh you follow the dark side too..  night
had to change 'within 50 miles', because within 25 miles were effin' boring.
hii!! thatsï¿½mee!! i woke up and i am going to school... why me??
i had my hair in a messy ponytail all day & i took it out just now and it looks really nice (: but still messy
how about give golf lessons?? and sing to your student taking lessons??    (jakeowen2009 live > [URL]
its cool
yay! the playdate is back on but my van's transmission is  dead
on the computer alllllllllllllllll day
offline for now, i'll tweet again later...
_lynn _raquel ahh man  ok if y'all end up doin sumthin else let me kno so i can meet y'all 2 see wht yal gone do..
nine o'clock on a sunday morning - outside, sat around the table enjoying the early rays of sun, reading twitter article in sunday times
fudge.... just bs'd that whole paper.... so tired.... ugh i hate school.....  time to sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
_one could use garageband though it's probably overkill.
see ftsk tonight in grand rapids
good morning  hope u all have a great day
bed...sorta. today was good, sara has strep thought angelina does to; i shared a water with her b4 they told me, i will prob get it to
jason! bend over so i can hit it from the back
good morning rock star nurse
my right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in
had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with
wishes happy mother's day to all mothers!!!
you seem desperate,that says probly enough
i just woke up. my teeth really hurt from my rubber bands
the fever's gone ... thanks jen!
why are some guys so stupid? they have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them..so sad
loved, but hated driving in pollution
can you get me a sub from subway when ur on your way home?
wow, you were here? why didn't you tell me? j/k  that's cool though; i have yet to see one...
yup. that's the thing. i think 3 is kinda acceptable and reasonable for proper lighting and fill in.  u can run away with 2 tho
mee too it's looks amazeeeeeee
i'm both. but more girl than guy.
yayyy
i so don't wanna go outside, i don't have anything to do there  maybe i will write later...
lolol...i was trying to do that this morning but sadly i couldnt
i lost 4 followers over night, nobody likes me
had a great day: beach, bbq with old friends (it's crazy that i'm old enough to have 'old' friends!), & learned how to play texas holdem
yeah, it works better as a command
ummm.. sure! i miss ya'll alot too.  i think you know who i meant.
it's quite hard cause when you attempt to spread it, the cornbread falls apart...
well it almost was a good day... guess i just retry tomorrow
hope you feel better soon.
: why is it so cold!?!?!
omg i'm so sad. i jus took in that gossip girl is done
we will support you
almost in new york city
such a good little saturday. didn't include bed bath and beyond, but borders was on the list. can't wait for tomorrow. good day planned
so nice to go into the bathroom and not hear the sound of gently running water
rofl
yeah, tried it. no go.
and now! its #starwarsday!!!! to celebrate i should watch some star wars  - richard
<-----bored to death
ha you'll do fine! just be positive!  &aha i know huh. wht a long conversation. i remeber you and allyson did even lnger ones! x]
i thought i was your best friend?
aah, i'm tired. haven't chilled a minute today!
its so sad
this twitter **** bores me, now i c y i haven't been on here in a month
had a great time celebrating mother's day  to me, being a mom is the best job on earth!
i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation..
n case you missed the show yesterday - here's a chance to listen again on the bbc iplayer  enjoy  [URL]
hey mate fancy finden you on hea
i've got a dentist's appointment soon!  the drill feels like i've got my brain in a blender - not looking forward to it
that's precious
kewl sounds good. will wait for it. thanks
totally! except we can't ride on the sidewalk like when we were kids.  a lot more safe than on the road with crazy drivers.
school for a bit. glad jake got the day off
e docs are getting younger these days.can u guess where am i??yup, nuh!! paying my ear doc a visit. ouch!!
yeah, it's not available on public market yet. but will be soon. looking forward. i'm sunburnt  arms are itching. boo hoo!!!!!!
try again, minna  i edited quickly, sorry!
i had terrible trouble with 'sp' words as a child, would drop the 's' pider, pade etc, needed lessons. bad memories
i really wish i was spoiled!
yes, it will finish at 7:30 tonight. still the food has been great as has been the discussion
update!  island flowers - large pouch [URL]
im getting really spotty and my spots always scar... and no its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- fact  my skin sucks
the iphone
should be me
archuleta & cook will arrive in 2 days!!
_ good to be back! it's really late though and i just got back from scaring some people and i'm pleased but really tired
aww that's awesome! he's a good guy
'friends are the same soul different bodies.' plato
it's a sad day when christian lacroix has to file for bankruptcy
@_bella_cullen13 posted and its good
hahaha thanks for clearing up the
moooooooooooooooo? lol i copied that last.fm thing you had  looks good
that sucks man  i hope you have a problem-free weekend.
_gamefan thanks  i love 'misery business'; paramore is such a great band!
do not go to moes mexican grill, it is too spicy!
i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
thanks! i know.
going to the grocery store with my best friend
dude i feel really bad but it doesn't work. i don't have a serial for it so it can't be used
my trip to igbaras will be postponed to next week
i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree, break its neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world
cover the tomm. event baby! id like a live blogging on it
hope you find a nice and healthy, also cheap, breakfast!
thankfully, no  why are you still up??
something we all need sometime
just gave my mommy her mother's day present...a purple ipod  [URL]
happy mothers day
_i_girl that's why you are #twitterbff
says ...tomorrow is another day...  [URL]
webcams hoepfner burgfest in #karlsruhe: automatic reload #fail [URL]
hello, i'm great!  how are you?
perfect song!
i wish i was getting pancakes  booooooooo
****, that charming skater look is kind of....hot! a hot mess  catherine pls don't hate me for hitting on your friends. tnx
why do weddings on tv make me cry? is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life??
thanx sis i'll b sure to let them know how many people r praying w/them...
- jonathan can  you get priscilla ahn or raphael saadiq on your show - they were fab on the jools holland show
um...how long has it been since you slept?? startin to worry over here.. well i hope you are having fun... lots of love to you
so now, i have conjunctivitis in my left eye. is this a sign of something? what did i do wrong to deserve this?lol i'm dying people!
_rose   *follows back*
besides i haven't had strep for like 10 years because of that reason. i'm more tired than anything else
thankies  no pictures in yet...but soon!! m'off to wash up love, have a good satdee ****
omg. cat had a hairball. awake now.
back then i didn't know why you were misunderstood. so now i see thru ur eyes, all that u did was love. mama, i love you
_lu just one part of a very odd trip. you travel for 3 months you see some weirdness. loved perth though
_teamgreen marriage course is not running on either of the bank holidays in may. back and running next week
[URL] - ur so lucky! there, the stage its so close of theem! here not  i think we're dangerous (?
in the end the magic of 'and so to dream' wins, along with swaying back and forth within site of a sleeping mommy.
i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me.
omg kool. i'm not on the road
ah good. glad to be useful.
had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  yummy!
had a blast this weekend with my sweet girls in vancouver, watching my awesome celtic lads... and i got to see alissa! now i'm home
boring. i wanna go for taekwando
really hates delayed trains especially 44 minute delayed trains. now going to be late for work
lol  said to look out for you - but i was in canberra -
well there's nothing to do but to keep swimming. you'll get there eventually
thank you alot
i shall drink lots
omgzzz i just realised homer simspon aint real :o  haha !
being re-admitted, at this stage for a three-night minimum with a hopeful tuesday discharge
[URL] - this is how wild at down and derby... trnds3trs
hell if i know.  i'm suffering
lip syncing 'im so excited' wit blairr then were gonna youtube it
crying so hard.......
if i am... so are u, my friend.  ha!  but the thing is... we make old look good!
_myst i am soooo disappointed that that is what he looks like btw! the image is gone
i just see the video: 'all your base are belong to us..'  whatï¿½s going on??!
_nobel ? ? ?????????????  = ?????? ?????? ?????? ?? ????
learnt how to drive a manual on the weekend
leaving florida want to live there forever! texan*girl
playing hooky from work again so we can go see up. i hope we get along.
$900 cheque to cash tomorrow, why i didn't get it in the bank i have no idea. feel safe to get the 500d now though  woooo
gogol bordello < par.    prolly not even in the top 10 of gb shows i've seen.   perhaps some old fashioned civilization ii will help?
a bedtime story pls....
i saw a piece of that movie...loved it
just finished eating
all of a sudden i'm craving broccoli and cheese soup really bad...  oh the hunger
hiyaa! how was tour? really disappointed that i couldn't make it   hope your all dandy ;) xxxxxxxx
no one is at the tesla dealership
your second episode of sonny wac was on in new zealand tonight. you were (and still are) amazing! ily  ****
i'm so jealous! wish i could join u. it's so cold in la right now.
i want cafe latteeeeeeeeeee
we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
ugh i can't sleep and it's reallyy gettin to me gahif pisses me off so bad sometimes. atleast i know who my friends are
omg my head still hurts, i need to get my comics today so i got to hurry  lol
) no more chemistry!!! i'm gonna choose english. i find it (chem.) kinda boring in the end! gonna help people < who choose chem>
cowering from pain
so bored.
celebrated mother's day with the best lamb roast lunch followed by a box of cadbury's shared around the table. it was a wonderful day
'...you'll never have to be alone; i love you, and that's all i really know...'
ever since orchid quit drinking from a bottle, she's been eating us out of house and home! holy **** girl! still not drinking milk though
i will not be late.  i will not be late.  i will not be late.
sounds cool! liverpool's ace, especially if you like the beatles cos there's museums and shops dedicated to them
yeah it good but dont click the red x because it shuts it down but other then that its good  and when u minimize it , it goes..
_jg hahaha i don't owe you anything; now you owe me a red lol te amo idiot hahaha te veo ahasta el lunes
waiting for princes protection program online in english version  so long
can't believe he has to wait till october to see 'up!' when americans get to see it this weekend.
sounds like a nice relaxing afternoon. i have to mow the lawn and walk the dog
auntiegail says 'today i am picking up the hi-vis vests for the kids they say 'auntie gails childminding service'  ****.'
grilled chicken, broccolli, and water.  yummy and healthy. well until i put butter on my veggies but whatever
hey handsome!  i'm packing
meet  - she is the zombie expert i believe..
yeah, i have seen the reviews and they are great! it is just that the reviews surprised me. now getting tickets for tonight
hey, nice seeing you on saturday. glad things are going well for you.
ive been there before  haha
morning all. first tea of the day, and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern druidry. good times
_online when will the maintanance end? i would like to backup some stuff.
happy mothers day to all the mums!
i ran out of white and yellow oil paint   i may have to add 'utrecht run' to my list.
they are a long way from the sea  unless they came from gloucester docks.
fyi no internets until thurstag!!!! after saturday  i have a feeling i will become 800x more productive during those days.
oh dear  not fun
awwww how cute its a pug
i googled 'engagement rings' & this is the exact ring i want.it was the 1st result too  *sigh* love it.[URL]
watching the office......... also comedy gold
ok point taken.  i'll tell my team to stop our cynical championing of standards. active-x is far better anyway
ok. good to know.
im just dreamin out loud, i cant have you for mine and i know it
first of all i love your picture, picture ****. & the boyfriend???  jackie. fml. why haven't you embraced the phone &
how did we just get paid and still be broke as hell?! no shopping spree for me today
panda express, it's been so long. i've missed you
yup, i'm pretty sure summer could not have started off any better than the one this year
really laughing out loud! seeing a limo in front of macdonalds is just to funny!
_sl happy sunday to you to
gardening stuff i ordered got returned to sender because it was damage  need to work out how to get to a garden centre.
hahaha my boyfriend! yeah he looked so different there... but he's so cute... i so want to watch the movie...
i reckon i could live of yogurt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors
i'm so **** nervous!!!
[URL] - wow, fancy!
signing off to spend time with my hubby   goodnight / day tweeple!   have a very happy mother's day!
so theres this boy. hes so cute. hes got a six pack.  yum it was fun touchin it.
...... is an awesome band
feelin nice after this bottle of bacardi
playing wii!
too bad.
...yawn is it that time already!
_ara good to hear that  allah aapko sehat de (y)
i love this girl  ,she rocks!
lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww
milk, gran torino, bolt, bride wars, new in town (yeah i got through a few...) **** i love longhaul
oouuch!...good luck
but but i dun wanna
is gonna go yoga-ing with a jumbo cup of coffee!!!!! thinking about it is making her very happy!!
so i guess im stuck in the lobby
this is what i am drinking instead of beer: airport is out of beer.. at least it is carbonated...  [URL]
so,  just pointed out to me that she has not been able to be involved in this convo for lack an iphone
sorry about that anna wintour repeated tweets!! sooo sorry  somethings up... | was wondering abt the quad tweet ;)
_2890 nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks
i still have my lights still up   you think he can do mine too?
[URL] -  why do u lot mock me!!!
well - that blows.  sorry to cut it short. it wont work for me. i didnt get to say bye..so goodnight guys - thx for watching!  love u guys
_mactastic i dunno ;p how'd i end up waking up at 2 am? it's a mysterious world
oh that just made my evening.  i forgot merlin was on tonight!  but its a toss up between rove and spielburg on spielburg on abc2 choices.
celebrating mother's day with apple pie
lame remarks like 'i wonder if they like blondes in nz'.  umm...only if you have to ask.
hillsong tom. night, and dad's birthday! i wish i could see him on his bday though.
bank holiday brunch.  with all the fixin's.  absolutely fantastic
thanks! i registered
i'm new at this and i don't have any friends now!  please comment !
#flylady oh deary me: 15 mins not enough to rescue kitchen  i shall come back to it later so i can mow the lawn while still cool outside
i'm bummed to miss you.   hope you enjoy your writing conf. tho!
you're so far
ready for a very busy, fun day tomorrow! gotta keep myself busy when my lover is gone
i'm so sick, it's ridiculous.
watching a youtube vid of  sing paranoid live   is so cute when he sings lol
sunburn is not as fun as i remember
lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...everything!
it's ok because one of my favorite movie series is star wars. that makes me more of a dork than you
follow _joe he's cool
i kno they're my guilty pleasure like shopping
shall bring his own glass to work from tonight, no more 'half half' hor!!
morning back to all
ha!  i dunno about standing anything up.  very very rough today.  it hurts to talk.
nvd i was sitting on it
yooo! its rainin dumb hard out.
i got a text from this guy who i don't like, and who has the same name as the guy i do! how disapointing!
augh, fever's gone up again. if i end up missing the weho clubbing tomorrow night, i am going to be pissed. stupid boytoy gave me plague.
creased my nikes!!  ohh well... [URL]
rah rah. youtube isn't working again. oh great
the time is not my friend today
#justcause summer hours say our day ends at 1pm...doesn't mean i really get to leave at 1.
awesome effort this w/e,even if u didnt win.good luck at tassie
wake up...and go make breakfast..
thanks for the follow! the love of your life is adorable
gonna walk around for an hour now :i but i'm totally motivated! wahahaha
_city hey, u like fob 2! follow me, luv 2 talk more, looking 4 frineds + followers!  ~ellen~
es imposible no amar starbucks
yeah, i have revision to do, but gonna go starbucks instead
love it! you look fabulous and it was so nice to learn something new about you
aww. i hope you feel better soon.
sinse i had dis thing..not 1 reply not 1 message. nuffin! pshh who cares..i know im special  x
same old customer service team member
come on kirk, hook up your wii to the wifi....you can do eeet!
lmao i'm glad you guys liked it
eating hawain pizza for breakfast  its a bit cold
officially moss doesnt work on vista  but unofficially its fine
lol takes some getting use to  just replying to your email. power keeps cutting out here :s
wellllll, i did most of my homework. and i kind of finished with editing. and i'm not as tired this morning as i thought i'd be
i had a great date last night...tried to find the cdcaves with daniel  it was hilariously fun!!!
happy mothers day to all the twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after.
[URL] - i love her too !!! she shouldve won
i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it though!!
wondering if twitter will be fixed for my phone any time soon...
oh man, did yogg today. worse than last week.
_cook guess i am very shallow then!
yay me! i did good on my com final  i needa step up next semester forsure tho. no more distractions.
awwwww  would a virtual high five make it any better?
jeff & i are looking for long lasting love! just not with each other we both like men
lol what did perez say now?? please don't make me actually go look
new job today, wish me luck peeps
my inner desire is to go to an isle in the middle of the mediterranean to soak up the sun; good night... as i dream that inner desire.
waiting for  to wake up...... hazin a sad
awww, *hugs* i wish i could help.
good morning friends. happy may bank holiday.
bout to watch notorious cause that's how i'm feelin now. wish i could eat something, but i can't.  surgery tomorrow. no food til saturday
harrump gagging for beer, noone wants to play
for every kiss you give me, i'll give you three -
hey! thanks for following  how is it going?
i love sausage too  #kitchenfire
im nervous :/ i want  to gimme a bear hug
hello dark hair! well, my plans for today just got cancelled  make some better ones?!
how does it look like a ninja tutle?!  xo lol
_nye why so quiet lately?
i may cry **** this weather got my **** burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
just ran through the rain
going to bed in a bit. need to revise 2moro.
haha i like modern studies..... its my favourite subject  haha i guessing you dont feel the same? ****
going to eat some pasta bake, my favourite food! later going to the flea market  you're my lilime
is waiting for the final of shipwrecked to start. goodtimes.  <3
lol. i get about the same reaction when i mention my new goal - kona triathlon now that boston marathon is done.
yes. i am secure in my masculinity.
will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
thanks 2 become my friend,twitter..  selalu ada ruang untuk sahabat
yeah  just made twitter
good morning twitter bugsssss 8:48am and my day starts nowwwww
don't want to go to work tonight
true lol no problem about the unfollowing..not mad
would like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull
oh noo.. i cant see it
merlin wasn't too bad. already watched it on bt of course
_g yup - that's where i watch all my movies
aww thanks!    glad i appreciated the weather so much yesterday!
_85 aaaargh help -it's a conspiracy lol! how are you today lizzi?
11:11 make a wish
so how have you been doing ?
loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad
especially if you're with a vampire
_loves_nkotb yup...as always....wonder when me and v will ever come back to earth...getting kinda comfy up here
i chopped a fringe in last night got tired of having it hang in my eyes. made a mess
ugh its really hot today already and its not even noon yet  i want ice water!
apparently so!  i'm falling apart in front of my eyes
talking to my best mate and my boyfriend on msn
listening to revenge by kiss to get inspiration... i don't think kristie is really digging it though
gotta get used to pocketwit now, **** you twikini
i regret not going to the movie audition today  seems like my neighbors are gonna get a call back .  [URL]
brother's back!! && i found this really small dead bird on my deck  so sad, i basically cried.
iowa is like that sometimes, it gets frustrating.
happy 'star wars' day, twitters.  [URL] :*
my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
math class ugh.  rather be a class act.  **** quiz   gotta act fast
is working it out allll day long.
i'm sooooo excited to see you also love.....let the craziness begin  7 daysssssss yahoooo
to lose this gut lol no seriously i have gained a lil and im not liking how it looks.
omg. period cramps are ftl. so much pain.
gawd the rain is too strong
i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
im going to cardiff today. shopping
i want to see 'too fast to transport in 60 seconds'
exhausted after coming home from a swim this morning! it's more tiring than i remember! happy mothers day
and i have cheese and no chips.
cool. my **** itch. got sunburned at the volcano
good morning!
ito en tea apple is delicious!!!!!!!!!! (looks like i need to go to don quihote to buy more!!) goodnight
feels a sinus headache brewing, but can't take drugs.
has had a fab day on placement, but working all weekend.
had a good day selling at feria urbana. the ladies love them some laser-cut felt.
just found out - [URL] - the **** frenchies have set a precedent
is up too early
woooooo im seeing you in glasgow when you come, september is agessss away but
my feet are killing, i've walked miles in search of an art shop...doesn't seem like ealing has one
watching scariest places on earth - i love this stuff
lol i cant drink!!
getting a puppyyy!!!!  what should i name him? i think romeo is cute.
in the middle of breakfast the school called.yep...back to get shey...again.3rd migraine this week or maybe one that never went away
its 4.30am, sleep timeee. i wanted to watch gossip girl but i'm way too tired  goodnight!
eh..not sure daw guesting ni cha on monday
i think i like the workshop
going to hannah movie @ 6.30
niqhty niqht niqht .. all toqether, great day  ;;  ily yall !!
i really want to go to artesia , cerritos on sunday for quest! lol. imma die if i dont
nothing like charley biggs chicken @ 7:53am
thought you was one of the best on heroes, pitty they are killing all of the good characters off  how do i use this thing!? lol
moooorning! fancy a coffee?
hello there!
__d  make it go awayyyyy
i can't have any pets in the appartment i really want, so no rat yet.
uhhh. bring it over when you can.  matthew and keren have never seen it.
what r u stressin' bout mare?
i heard that you can't make it!!
upsidedown tomato plants died!
ah, finally at home in my comfy bed. goodnight
nothing like getting to work and finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week... looks like another 40 hr work week.
hey my twitter friends, tho very few!!!!
after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back i was so worried..i think i care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them
how i wish i wish i did not eat that....burger.
oh look! traditional chinese, it's so charming   i love the ? miss those shutters on the doors...
you got it. poor thing not gonna have a choice for much longer though
: and this year i have summer school.
i've heard that st isn't true imax- shot at 1828x1556 and blown up to 4096, still- nice big screen!
im not a cookie so i wont comment  heh. who were those 2 girls who sang crush btw? wud u know?
trying to do the same thing, running an online business as well as running a regular business in the 'real' world
hee hallo
big header folio ([URL]  has been up 2 hours, no sales yet  i'm really impatient lol
i caaaaan't sleep.....it's 3.30am! wahhhh... i wanna cry
think so but my boss is in switzerland all week. going when she returns  ira gonna be awesome
are u planning on doing cardio for 1.5 hrs? if so that's very reasonable  whatcha do last night?
wats up in your world x) i just won a basketball game  best shooter on the team  idk if shooter existes lol but you understand haha
because your mean to me and it makes me sad!
the cokies arnt real imaginary will hav to do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie...
- sigh
@ poll : was trying to get it to work in a powerpoint to no avail.
yeah the freedom is awesome, it's great being a little more independent
not cool, mark, this song is going to be stuck in my head all day. but i love you, anyway... is it star wars day today? cool
dentist   but the chicks hot so thats a plus
dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry
look forward to seeing the resume!
although wolverine wasn't a great movie, i don't think it was as bad as everyone is saying...& at least taylor kitsch was in it
i have now realized i am not cool enough to ever get a shout out from   (this player will not be playing on! hahahah)
may be back later...hope you have a good day  byeeee ****
awww thank you!  you are a great guy too  how's ur weekend been so far?  hugs ****
just been out to try to catch a swarm, gone into a roof gable end   set up a bait hive an hoping for the best at the moment
i am increasingly convinced that i am moderately lactose-intolerant - given my deep and abiding love of cheese, this totally sucks
a big ginger and white male cat and a little female tortoiseshell. both indoor cats and rule the house
@_cantus_  all i hear is coffee brewing at my end
celebrated 18,000 plays on last.fm with dez moines by #tdwp [URL]
thanks well impressed it's much better than my last one ! must b the clean living + gluten free lactose free food
i think i'm running a fever and not feeling so well!
i would if i was home
haha i took the quiz on fb and missed the mcfly one
it just hit me that i am leaving conti...     boooooooo..
i can't believe how many people think it is great that i passed the quiz, 'how blond are you?' on facebook.  i am very blond!
thanxx for following me
wish i was in london to personally witness the nun run! what a great idea for the opening of sister act's new broadway show
love session 2 of king of queens
is on air
haha amen! im sooo **** hungry... and i hate knowing my weekends gonna be ****, when its supposed to be great
as a kid, i remember searching with the local video store owner in a godown , got a video tape with fungus badluck
i can't sleep... and now????
happy mothersday
tummy hurts  oh noes
i miss the one who would do anything to spend 5 min with me... the one who used to say just tell me when and where
is watching the cat in the hat
is having a jam session in her room and then seeing star trek...again
i thought all the apple store and/or best buy guys wanted on?!
so... inconclusive. there's still a chance i'll need surgery. i see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays.
what did i do to you!  sheesh
that will make things fair. my poor tiger has no claws or nutz
just realized i gained 40 pounds in the last year  [URL]
hi dougie i'm your fan from thailand. i'm film 'luv ur song so much
por favor!!! only need five more!  [URL]
the pics should be up later today at www.dosriosrestaurant.com!
i am having the time of my life
ochh ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways
_sunshine  i figured that... but i ended up taking my cousin to work in the rain anyway...    but hit me up
excited! double bio today.   i don't have a straightener and my hair looks horrendous at the moment. wtf am i supposed to do?
time to relieve stress at the gym!! someone should write speeches, take exams and do research for me
- no i didnt get your text.....
_**** i'm leaving at half 10  but i have to get ready and things
is also wishing these two lovely mothers  &  a very special mother's day!!!  enjoy!
it's stable, faster than 2.x and working.
hey im back on.. but msn won't work  darn msn haha. can't stop thinking about 3d movie haha!
help!!
happy mothers day to all the mommies
that made me sad..
i need a xanax and have none
no! why?
i would think the pres would be afraid you'd pun'k him
amen to that! my vitamins made me so ill  i felt better before i started taking them!
love you 2  so how are you? xxxx
night
red rock for lunch with colin.  and  couldn't come.  ipa junior freshly made! yum yum yum.
listening to we are dead ocean by . i actually listened twice in a row because it's so short and pleasing
cooked my own lunch todayy  givin' my mum a relaxin' dayy.
toooo much outside killen my eyes
_a4l hey anne! i stayed up 2 try 2 arrange 4 some nyc archies 2 get tix 2 the concert. logged off @ 2.30 but only fell asleep @ 5am
i'm totally going to bed right now.
doesn't know what to do this evening & is d r e a d i n g work tomorrow  it sucks.
cougar privacy threatened as surveillance increases  [URL] - sorry, couldn't help myself with this one
tonight was fun
i'm sitting in altanta. it's raining in boston. yay for flying in the rain, that should help with my fear.
whats up? im sad  you didnt text today.
you will know me and kristi in raleigh... right??
oh no.  hope you feel better soon. hugs. i had flu earlier this month.
sims 2 owns my life lately! lol i want to get sims 3, but my computer can't support it.
that mango shake made all the difference.  - [URL]
what a great day for a massage! book your appointment today  617-262-2220
i forgot all of those people
_m except im on site near the airport on dixon!  i have a lil #starbucks gps in my head hehe
see that traffic northbound? that's my commute   [URL]
aww you poor thing  hope all goes well!
anytime!.. literally hahaha
[URL] after the shot calmin down!
coool thanks a lot  ****
watchin tyra bored like always  my stomach hurts
lol...  its not the same!!!
dude. everyone could. it wasn't ment to be bad..
but worth it i spose
my brother just woke me up to help him with his homework. i'm not happy
i know. i need to get their cd somewhere.. hopefully they sell it here in finland.
[URL] is what i get when i try to add a new post
welcome to twitter  it's really cool that you are here! greetings from vienna,austria
if you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!
uploading pcd onto my itunes xd i used to have it but certian events caused me to lt sadly
beatrice?? i don't remember his guide
trying to record my audio source, maybe i need a specific program  i'm good thank you  hehe
_ i wish you were here nowww!!! grrrrrrr
bah! still at work. lol my feet hurt and my nose won't stop running!
_double as if there are any other kind  [URL]
happy birthday to my little sister gee! in celebration, have an article
so slpy 2day  zzzz
that would be awesome  lol
i went green yesterday and i was out so i missed it  do i get another certificate????
i will tweet you sometime tomorrow, anothe busy day! goodnight **** chickie! lol!
mufasa!!!! warriors or the ocean!  hahahahahaha
i know!  i can read bt i can't sit outside coz i gota answer the phone
i love the humor, i just reworded it. like saying 'group therapy' instead'a 'gang banging'. keeps my moms off my back.   hahaha
ive got the greatest boyfriend in the world. i love him so so much.
omg, you have curly hair! too cute!
urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im so snappy today. having a total fat day too
sorry bout your cat !
get my wii fit in couple of hours!
my wife can't get on the guest list for tomorrows show because it doesn't exist. lame. i guess no wife at the show.
watching it rain
hi, the parody for iphone is hysterical, not because it's funny, but because one cannot play the video on iphone
why wouldn't i?
i have found the best songd to have stuck in my head are relient k songs...i know every word and can finish them
?and make your own pledge while you're at it!
u don't love me  no follow..how was your night? ;-)
had fun early night vegas because pool tomorrow
work, work, work
need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit's cage too. that's about it that really needs to be done... doable
: 3 hrs to go pa ako
haha i should. but i won't. lol then i might miss something.
on the way to see my grandparents
listening to someday we'll know... it's raining!!!!
our kids are both in a derbyshire schools string concert at the buxton opera house today. they're both quite excited
morning.any plans for today?
i know, but i wanna finish bsg first
taking the souls of your friends and family and watching them die is a nightmare. trust me
not sure, but i can tell you what happens to a pre-chilled watermelon that you leave in your car  *in tx* for a week!   not good
www.youtube.com/watch?v=6urrxta8dom this was the first 1!
stressed out fro work and having a drink
i wanna leave after 2nd period *cryy*
i don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture
going for lunch soon  with my fave cuzs
nothing beats spending an evening with my mom
i'm here if ur here for me!
im hella pushin for it...how was tha graduation..sorry i couldnt smash thru...
really tired, and need to be up in the morning... off to bed. good night all!!!
i knoww  she is da best!
new book in the pocket [URL]
good night all... just set this twitter thing up. i'm very new at this, but i expect it to come in handy.
if you want conversation, use email/mailing lists. i'm not convinced '140 chars and less' replies are conversation
feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd
thanks, feeling good and off to new forest later
i just single handedly killed 4 flies and a crane fly with my hairbrush!! i'm gonna go disinfect it now...but bugs beware!!
it was nice to meet you tonight & thanks!!
mouth hurts
love is like a war,,easy to begin, hard to end..fiuuhh...
why that's a halo
happy that google wave is trending.  can't watch the video for it... certain flash videos are blocked by my company's network.
where's yummiest pan mee? for me it's behind dance center, ipoh garden south. and i miss it
you are always amusing.
sooooooo not happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
today feels like friday. too bad its not
'completely dishwasher safe, except that the pattern might come off.' blue coat humour at its best  three cheers for viz
they are out of ice cream at the crazy mocha in ss. this means no espresso milkshake..
_august84 haha...  may be.. hehe.. i might have been imported.  but i love the heat... love playing football on a hot day....
omg-ness it's 11:18 pm and i need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am, wish i said 9am. i'm beat.
too broke for cigarettes.
tried to do something funny on twitter but failed.
weekend, bought lost odyssey, yay  ------- however, my 360 rrod'ed on me  it's the second time
read your status update & just wanted 2 b sure i was on your follow list  hope u r having a wondefl wkend michael~blessings
says i got 2 cards today, from eva n clara. thanks, guys.  [URL]
: awwwwwwwwwwe  that okay. i missed bullet's concert in toronto last summer 'cause i had just gotten into them d:
ooh i feel so sleepy... its 10:24 a.m. and i dont wanna go to school 2day  but i have to...
ready, set.... hmmm delay
if she sees that she will cry! lol
thanx
making a birthday song to a special person!!
consider yourself lucky.  it hasn't rained here in ages.   it's depressing.
im downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by  as it seems the only way to see it fully
mmmmmm i love curry. don't have an oregan though.
: psh...didn't even pay for me though
ohh noo. joshua im sooo sorry i was out ,im really sorry i didnt get to see you :''( please forgive me  i'm sorry <3
ahhh.. what about the others? like #hoppusday and etc? i'm such a spazz
is in a good mood
: ok its suppose 2b followfriday not unfollow friday  aw well i have nice tweeters anyway! <-almost doesnt sound right...lol;)
haha aww hun i bet you are more creative than me
i loudly said something & my coworker replied 'i dont know brian klemm! but even i love brian klemm!'  ( _0_tronic )
and maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  win-win for all. can't be a victim like your people.
extremly deep
oh noooo that sucks  did you reschedule for another show?
im sure  s'okay, ill save my $$ and before u know it weiss will be mine.
i can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed i am with the advertising on lifehacker's why i didn't buy a mac article.
i dnt think i can ever get tired of'the climb'its just 1 of those sngs u'll always remember  ...
i wanna see my mama but she hasn't called me back yet  mama...mama!!!
i'm bored. no internet. i haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet.
[URL]  for mccoy's initial rant.
she fell into deep crack in the glacier  so terrible
weeooow, i feel fat.... i remember when i used to weigh that much  pfffffffffffffffffffffftttttttt long time ago, hahaha
ohh ic ic haha, iyaa my summer is filled with one course that lasts for the whole summer
my heart sings
, ahhhhhhh so excited for july 21 (: ecxept stupid australia won't get it til like decembbberrrrrrrr  but stilll ahhh! congratss.
good morning
rubbish!
salt and vinegar
packing is no fun at all  good thing i have the new united on to keep me going... but still no fun
but anywho, i just got in and out of the pool within like 30 minutes because it's about to start storming
aww, i had one yesterday, they suck
the new series of the hills was on yesterday in uk , it was amazing! you looked really pretty on your birthday too.
carnivalsofparis i think i still have yours on my bl but i'm not sure... i hardly talk to anyone anymore
oh no!!!! i hope its not too baad, tell mya i hope she's gets better soon
spyed princess anne today, and listented to all my friends cooking up the perfect evening, working sucks for me and ob ?
the first officially beautiful day of the year and i'm stuck inside the office    a magners and bbq will make up for it!
is watching the jonas brothers special on sky movies
i'm packed up & leaving my canterbury office & my fab qa&v colleagues for the last time   a great bunch of people. i will miss you ****
hi to you too.
looks can be deceiving
nah i followed them first then they followed me. i think 12-306 overnight is pretty good
pffftt! you know how i like to stay busy!  i'm awesome (and sober...dang)! how are you??
its really incredibly gross outside, so im hoping to get alot done int he house today!  including pics on the blog! morning friends!
house hunting was a pain! house shifting is a super pain!! packing never seems to end  i can't even imagine unpacking :-p
have a biiig headache.
i'll stop the world and melt with you...the cure
was late today, due to construction!!!      tgif...
off to the gym by myself!  no fun!
i'm soooo bored. just **** got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored???
now i'm off to bed - happy mother's day all - have a great one
welcome to the family new pillow  im going to lay my head on you tonight!!!
just cos i dont have an ipod touch yet - doesn't mean i can't look at some apps! they're sooo cool.  twittering in school? awesome!
4:15 finally home from the city.  - now time to head to sleep!!  goodnight! & happy mommy's day to all the mother's out there!!
ya i just never play it...i'm basically only using my ps3 these days
which means i spend more time alone than with friends and family. how sad
aaahh i know!! i was spose to but i had to take my dad to the airport.  next weeek fasho!
****. i had 11 goldfish.  oh well, that's my dinner. anyways! check out my blog yoooo [URL]
hiya! you might want to delete and retweet - the link to your blog doesn't work
i need a hug  i'm doing my junior cert this week and i'm totally stressed out :'(
got an ear infection...man that **** hurts!
my guess is that its because sara makes a mention of mariage proposals on her site.
my sole supporter is not my sole supporter
so you're gonna make me go alllll the way to the store??? lol  i have to find one...i'll google.  thanks.    lol
friday night... and i'm not doing anything!!  but i might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in pasadena .... just maybe.
good stuff, smiles back? why won't you go to his concert too? :o. wish i could instead of doing my music which is failing  lol x
i really wish i would hear from josh
shame i dont still have my 286 compaq portable, which was really anything but portable lmao, last tweet 4 now, toodle pip
i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday d: :[ :{  ]: }:
watching #f1. i live near montmelï¿½, i'm so excited about this race
9 more week! july 8th. flolloping just perfectly describes the way she moves my belly  hehe
every day is mother's day.... don't wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her.
check out her new song 'sentimental, wat-a-joke-ental' she's a fren  www.last.fm/music/marple+meg
so you should. you're a fantastic actor it's about time you got some recognition for it.
ph and i are having a macaron smackdown...except he is not aware of it...it's all being played out in my head
i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted
is excited. lots of good things happening work-wise here in melbourne
no problem.  i wasn't really sure what i was doing.  it was some application on the twibe page.
that sounds cool! post video!!
wanna do some sessions with ronnie he da bomb u know?
that sucks to hear. i hate days like that
people!!! wat the hell is a follower on twitter???? i dont get it!!!
could've said hi. we're off down south tho
your new song is amazing
_carroll i want a marty mcflyy t-shirt.
everyone is here. we're off to party now
new pickkshaa! if it's really big then it looks milky!  yaaay!
ssshhh everybody, i think  is asleep... don't disturb him.
feels ****! and feet are aching  need my beeeeeddddddd!!!
morning, dude! ivy has decided she wants to go on a boat today. are you guys around this pm? would be nice to see you.
twitterberry hates me
happy star wars day everyone! may the 4th be with you all  ****
... i want to die. i want to take my own life, forever. she's trying to get me to do a duet.
i thought you liked the name
im @ the eye doctors & had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today & broke her toe. ugh
ill in bed my stomach is killing me
here's  and  at our evening drink on thursday night in london.  [URL]
ha ha, and what game is that? i like games
ok cause the one  s orange is still open. whew, you just scared me. sorry the one by you closed
i will bring you cases of mountain dew if you give @_slamma_ 2 tixs to see taylor swift!
loves agustin and his happy morning moods
lol... hell yeah!
2 more weeks of school not including weekends. omg right on. im so excited yet scared. omg. ahhhh. i can't wait to grad.
another week, another org change discussion....
waitin 4 the skool bus soo tired nd still soo much 2 do...want 2 b lazy nd sleep but since i cnt ill sing all my fav songs
i'm sorry about your car. i feel for you...
it's **** cold here north now! it was like 77 df yesterday where i was, here it's 37,4
awww  i know you never will, i'm so thankful i can count on you, love ya boo
pizza parties went well, but still invisible  i might as well be out with a bag over my head. whatever!
yes, we just need ppl to vote. get out the vote. ;) ciao for now.  till tomorrow...is anybody listening? yes, i am.  night!
excellent  looks like you'll have some twitterific competition
back to work
hi babe how you doing
#liesgirlstell  a guy calls her phone to see if the number is real ) ohh my phone isn't working . try tomorrow .
the new resigned cricinfo : [URL] i hate change
why am i so tired?????? whyyyyy make it stop. merm is not going to be fun tonight.
you're such a sappy little fellow!  thanks for all the well wishes. i'll need them. after today i have one more exam.
hehehe  i didn't really know that! well, use your blog or twitter to suggest interesting topics for ppl to engage in
me either
twit twit twitter! trying to 'legally' watch a movie online, its not happening
just got home from the last day of school.  graduation tomorrow.
no money... and no car...
bed!!!!!... its time,..... hope i go to school tomorrow, all though i don't feel very well right now
reached bangalore!! now gotta hunt for rooms
hey hey get tickets to all time low when they're in aussie kay. www.myspace.com/destroyalllines yup. go there get tickets
working on homework!!!
heh heh heh, come on! it is a thq release! ah well, i can try almost anything that is billed as rpg!
my friend cliff has the tix, so i have to wait on him   or you can ask trent to just let me in.  you  know, over all else >.>.
haha that's because you also look amazing in it! have fun!
_stained [URL] - i love it!  that is just so awesome
ive finished them now
sorry to hear about your dog
after a week staying with my grandmother, i'm home in lopatcong. . can start my new book tonight.   [URL]
since i'm reading the twilight series and watching underworld today, i gotta say...perfect pic for my day
bummed out i am missing a rock climbing trip next week
lamentablemente paso  #jrztwitterlunch
i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?
is about to go duster shoppping in greenhills with my mom for balikbayans
says space and time is all we need  [URL]
breaking news: gm shares are currently trading below $1.00 at only $.88 per share!!
sorry i'm not using tweetdeck it's not letting me tweet today
i feel like drinking wine, but i don't have any.
you are so right!
in denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.
not yet. im still loading it.  have you?
im so hungry and i have nothing to eat
i hope for a speedy recovery for you!
is starting her pre europe diet today  goodbye midnight snacks, goodbye iced tea, hello momol. hahahahaha! [URL]
kid's class is going on field trip today ~ and for once, i was smart enough to not volunteer to help!
well, all i can do, is pray for you.....
thankfully it's just a really bad sinus infection. they're just watching out for me since i've traveled recently. thanks though
is eating lunch at sushi tei, sency yum! met ghina earlier
****. she got it on the first try.
just loaned out a set of aerobars to team mate for tomorrow's texas cup race at alkek. bummed i won't be there.
like cheesecake brownies!!! i miss my cheesecake brownies... and the walmart closest to l.a. (to me) doesn't have em
i'm so hungry
downloading chex-quest!  been about 12 years sins it's final release you say? your right!
anything for . so sorry man  i am not a patsy generally...
market whn goes lower also problem and when it goes like a wild bull also problem
oh wow they are really good  i think im going to use one of them lol.
it's clear intellectually that severing my relationship was best, yet my heart seems 2 b in complete disagreement. it hurts so so much
i hate june gloom. i was getting so excited for the beach.
came out of my house this morning to the stink of cat poo. i have cats doing their business in my little bit of garden.
is back from tafe and has bowling in about an hour
love for vintage books...old books shopping this morning
i need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and i have no money
lol very much appreciated!!!  so excited!!!
it was apparently a request by the guests
your vid wont play  x
is not having a good day... i havent had a good week forreal!!
can't  no money to spend.
start again... so now theres 6 people coming with us when we go to melbourne...for short stack. originally 4. but still only 3 for ss
back in glasgow, stuck in traffic on the m8
please please, anyone?
not looking forward to dress shopping tomorrow. so afraid there's no way i'll be able to get what i want
at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee alot today
_uk yeah, but it's myst!
night honey..see ya tomorrow
so i tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  [URL]
_ that is the truth.
but mum just burned some bacon... smoke alarm's a ****
don't worry they are use to it, we always give them grief, they usually take it well!!!  nearly always!
im glad you're a lot happier barakitten  <3 see yah in july
happy mommys day!
gonna have a lazy day today
its 35 now.   ilycecily <3
hi kate  how are you?
i wish i was at disneyland or watching star trek like other people are doing. i swear, i must be the only sap who works on fridays.
did i miss something??
we did! they came out cold  the cheese sauce was good, though.
we had scones this afternoon!! they were great  we're gonna make cupcakes this week, on wednesday!
i don't get it, i was feeling fine yesterday. and now im a ball of sickness ! i hate the flu,
kayla & i went to go visit you but they wouldn't let us in school!
santa monica bound
yeah i'm not shy doing everything that i can and still nothing  [URL] check out my sale, no bites yet
followed by the great super mazembe. one of the favorites around here  ? [URL]
the internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is twitter its usual semi-flaky self, but facebook and vrbo.com, too  boo!
forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. ****.
i get another pack of geography test, so i have to correct it on the weekend.
officially mother day here happy mother day to all the moms
i'm nervous... i hope i get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption...
just getting off of work for the day! hope everyone has a wonderful mother's day tomorrow! hope you enjoy ur cheesecakes too!
love that song! happy monday
after the sketchy moments at a mtn, the friends and i moved up the trail and sat at the end of the road, just talking and being silly
ok back later, have a great time regardless of the weather  ps i'm only a bb away!
hello everybody   'tis a cloudy day here in amanzimtoti today.
wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding....bt....no transport arrngmnts wrkg out
i saw the sun..... but then i blink and it was gone
:  i know i*m late but i didn't had internet. so happy bithday to you and pierre!
burp the frog  [URL]
.... it was just alriiightt
is fighting a horrid headache with a large vanilla iced coffee.
i keep coughing my guts up
omg i want to go too!  hahaha
is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. have done the sync. turned off & on. but still not going  help?
at the #manics gig.  toasting your speedy recovery - sorry you can't be here
all time low mean so **** much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing
tgif, too bad the weather sucks...
rip robin from the washington park library
yes yes is. ima guna be on for a while lol.
[URL] i hope some day my mom will get this message!
my back hurts and i'm meant to be going out tonight, poor the rik
_heidi_v  thank you pretty lady.
the ball is in motion. i have to type up concepts in outline format we could develop those to ensure we deliver greatness
i keep thinking about food! i made myself some tea
so, i picked up chris botti's~live in boston cd, listening while driving home tonight under the moon. didn't want it to end.
not cool.   hope you feel better. i went up there for breakfast buy you were gone.
on the way to nanny  school starts tomorrow! one step closer to being a teacher!
star treeeeek?! only one hot guy there  and i get to watch him do his hot stuff woo.
tour got canceled
...  headed to hospitol : had to pull out of the golf tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! i think i re-ripped something !!! yeah that !!
messed on these   but i'm makin' it right! , ,  best holy day wishes to you all!
i got it! i hope i get off of work in time for up   want my job?
transcribing my tenth (and last) report for the night
and they are so censoring over at nin.com, nobody can really speculate about these things are disagree with anything
fml my work uniform is on the washing line
horrid dream. i suspect i will have to cancel my plans tonight...
_roo you're welcome.
hey never realized that you also get a twitter account.  your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me.
downloading tf2, a mere 6.3g ... 3% nearly instantly now down to about 500kb
wish i was in atl!!
good good!!
i was studying computing this year...bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
your welcome hun!    they are all amazing people - make sure to say hello to them!
i got a coupon, but i couldn't register it because you have to be in the us
wishing it was naptime
here are the cupcakes i made.  [URL]
well, there goes *that* shirt. haha
poltergeist! in my house
_nicole i have to close my eyes when i watch it
had a blast, babe. thanks joe. <3  i love everyone! tyler...happy birthday.
yea.. i will    haha
is cold and wished to go back to bed
thanks for having me! i had a great time too
that is definitely a blast from the past
dump this blackberry and uses an iphone? basically it compliment each other.  i think.
re-dyed the hair, early start tomorrow heading down to londons clothes show, great place to be when i feel fat.   bright side = motivation
i really hope so
what are these ones called?   [URL]
why yes i do!!  ...or rather, did. just finished it! starting dead like me, lollll~
, love your background, i just might have to copy it
doh! i'm an inside job lolzor.
im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!!
to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't now the news  but thats ok. brb x
going shopping with my mammyy.... my makeup and face are being generally quite nice to me today
happy mother's day!  @>--->--->--- a rose for you!
just made a south-korean email pal. happy!
sigh
likes the smell of the roast in the oven mmmmmm must have dips and sakatas to tide me over till the roast is cooked
i'll go now.i'll watch teen nick!
thankyou, yes. off to a pre-wedding party now.
i loved johnny carson now i'm going to hate seeing jay leno go  (via ) that's what i was waiting for someone to say!
fell off the wagon and had a maccy's!! : fell off the wagon and had a maccy's!!
<<< just like in himym
oh yeah them too. lol
proud of the ceviche and bellinis turning out so well and loving the smell of fresh flowers in the house
no.  just sitting around sculpting tiny koi.
i had to unhook twitter from facebook because all my facebook cronies were complaining.
_cool yep here's hoping
did i mention my bf bubbled the wsop employees event after 12 hrs with aa  working doubles  now for the next 6 weeks
17 again was funny
somebody accidentely sleep for 3 hours instead of 2 and now i can't hang out  work blows! sorry _jones20 and
too short as usual...  but was awesome
omg my id aint come back yet  im sooo worried it best be bk by next week or il screamm!!! lmao and yeah u choose! its ur bday x
work, work. me not that kind o' orc.
love how dad said he'd be ready to go at like 3:15 and it's now 4pm and i'm still working.
on my way to my dad's with my sistas..  r.i.p. deb..
soo sad my mcmcbuddy thinks i look like i could have a little rainbow  ... i like burritos ok! burritos!!!
number 999. my next tweet must be something really special.
lol, point at yourself and laugh!
the fine old british tradition of chilly grey drizzle on a bank holiday is still observed
is on the phone
hope you guys are having fun!  can't wait for ya'll to be back, wilmy isn't the same without you
okay really really bored. i watched a michael jackson concert from 1992. he's awesome  and his short films r coolio too (:
got a surprising and sad news on a friday  (clue:effect of global financial crisis) [URL]
my poor phone is nekkid without its cover.
had a nice mother's day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i'll ever see some one again. talking to sisa.
have a good day      ? [URL]
is trying to make this sunday last 48hours
hopefully going back to work tomorrow!! tired of having a flu.. beside, i love working with the children, so fun to play with!!
thanks bro.
you be a good girl whitney
making egg tart & chinese egg pudding. yum
why do you say that i'm a ****? i find that hurtful!
i'm only 6' 0'
really want to go to maker faire tomorrow but i am so sick.  #makerfaire
just came back from school.... packing for my dad's house
at least two to three times a week i turn on the tv, find comedy central already on and have to endure a brief moment of scrubs
looking for my sister on facebook, miss you yani
hi, california is cool! here in budapest/hungary it's too cold and cloudy today  but usually it's hot in the summer)
i am seeing you in sydney in 12 days for the third time
on the way to my aunty's
_another_1 i love that we just get a little peek of your dimple
unhooking my pt's, then home to sleep! sleep is good
well, in la is decent weather. tell me what's happening in the future
_a_tx lol i havent watched it yet..  congrats!
come on vancouver. throwing stuff onto the ice? i thought you canucks were supposed to be all polite and stuff?
hi again, sorry was going to pass on your email to my assistant (rel and soc) and lost it. dm it to me, pls?
flashlight tag!  i love playing games in the dark.
have fun at the viper room tomorrow night  i know the fam out there will be in attendance to support all of yall
totally agree
yea me too  lol
my computers broken and i broke my laptop so i had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they **** up my order.
**** yeah dude!!! i would ask how it was, but i already **** know!  how're you?
ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up. my peaceful time is over
at work as always
..dat dude look crazy w/ dat hair on his face lmao ..stop it!! ..the old wrestlers went to tna  thanks vince ..these dudes are clowns lol
cold & raining in inglewood
you are the first to know that sinhalenfoss ep22 is out with the big news. [URL]
yup, indeed, like train announcements: shortly we will arrive in kï¿½lle
go for it! chinese sounds yum!
done some book signings in manchester. nice people up there. enjoy the week.
nick wtf i was gonna go but i have no ride. boo
plain white t's and sara bareilles...can life get more amazing
wait till england wc t20
happy friday! i just realized i left my cell phone at home today though
yeah mine is stubborn too.  you just gotta keep trying until it does, no way around it
i am pretty sure that's the sort if tweeting that will lose followers. but stuff it- it was well worth it
why do i always have a headache?
awh, its the last day of the tour  i'll miss hangin w/ and children 18:3. soooo...let's make it an awesome nite in ok!!
wat the! you were in riverside??
just work up
it's ok now ! i've cleared my cache and everything is fine
awww  ok lol hopefully by than im still here and not back over in the states
night to  - the light dims as you leave the chat room
hey #yeg !!!!! anyone goin to the edmonton energy game and wanna do some live updates? please!!!! they dont post live scores
it would be cool if they had people make videos of themselves miming the song and make one big video  so everyone can be in it.
yep i am.got back this morning. nfg were fab last night, but i cant go tomorrow   you getting ms ticket soon? 4weeks away
i was just about to put in '@' and then my username.. wow.
wishing i was karen from will&grace
thanks, nick. means a lot coming from a designer of your caliber  #symphonycms
is going to run a circle...also...ab zum spooohort.
hoisin duck pizza, salt and pepper pizza and gelato for dinner with edmund and jade. good times!
ya, the weather has been super weird here. it looked like it was gonna rain today but of course it didn't, darnitt,
no, sry, didn't feel well at all. but there'll be another change i believe  hope ffk09 was fun with lots of inspiring input.
awwh....well at least you are up top, where the magic happens!  today will be a good day, no worries.
chem wasn't better than physics. and now i'm so tired. _astri hahaha ntn bbf juga ya? hihi gue sukanya jun pyo?
i know, she's great!  the climb is sooo good!
yeah i'm fine not to raid most things. excepting liquor and cheese & bacon balls
boo, on both counts.
oh god! the cheesy disco music has started and everyone is getting up on the tables  i need more wine...
be patient  you'll get it soon
josh just called me a big bucket of ugly  wish me luck for my audition tweets!
aaaah i swear i took it by mistake  it was somehow attached with the charger -_- apparently it needed break from u huh!
hi, there you are! rise and shine. yes, i did. pretty early for the last nights hours  but i slept like a baby though ...
i'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment i saw the tweet until now.
so far, so good. it's still early, though!
at the movies. . . about to watch star trek!
: just had my debut on thursday @ the gallery lounge! it was fun... can't wait to do the next one!!
damm i feel like the song of dead and gone by travis garland
i've been readin your last few twitts. i hope your ok
ummm sooo yeh....its really hard to concentrate rite now wen i have this weird #lupus feeling goin thro my body
weird, suddenly blogtalkradio is giving me a domain not found error.  i was just on it 5 minutes ago!
amazing.  thereby proving we cannot believe anything we see
today is lame because i am not in orlando  i am soooo looking forward to next friday
had the lovliest night last night but was ruined by doctors inability to warn me of side effects. back again for more tests.
wats wrong boo
off to bed, i will have pics of the newly finished hat in the afternoon! yea its all done  night yall!
this calls for a high five!  (don't miss, hotshot xd)
did you get to meet ace frehley?  love his guitar playing.  not sure how coherent a speaker he might/might not be.
tis a sad day
thanks neemah. i'm gonna be soooo close to you and izzy, yet so far
wow.???? ??????
buying my first mac
****! i'm already thinking about all the shows i'm going to have to miss because i'm broke.
poor lil j-man has a fever. i can't wait to go home and hold the little man!
just a question.. are you guys liek famous or anything ? haha and miley followed you luckkyy ! im so jealous
is almost done with the third/chapter cover page, yay
i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying.
travel blog up and running!  [URL] can't wait to start filling it up with entries! )
is wishing all of the mother's out there a very happy mother's day!! love ya!
[URL] mcfly concerts through the years [h]... don't have my '06 one though  :/
_chick hello
ahh.  ... well, i was hoping that i could learn some stuff on the way. ... why not you and i work on separate things but also
y cant we all just get along
probably why he's still married to joan perhaps?
i really want to go see up!  haha. tooo cute! (:
hate washing my hair! because then it has to be dried & straightened.  and then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair
oh i'm on a roll now with these oldies!  ? [URL]
(((hugs))) back to you - you also have that look!
early start today! more rain and more miles!
hehe tweet time... bastos talaga chux
same here!  i just wanted it to keep going and not end... ever! ;)
haha i just playing
oui, i figured that since its a day off, i'd better start brushing up on my french; so far i have learnt bonjour and oui
_intruder well said...please take him off my hands..i can't cope !!!! set that fox on him
time for me to go to sleep! it's almost 1am. night everyone! happy mothers day to all the moms out there
hey lovely.. hope you had a good day  thanks for an awsome night and teaching me how to put together a tie...hahaha
omfg, my head
jimmy eat world's initials are jew....new favorite band
- stillll listening to 'paranoid'  now starting civics homework+ new jonas episode !
good luck! i have no doubt you will be hilarious. really hoping to see you dressed as some kind of foam food item  and go...
aww  loves you! way too cute ;)
_1   is leavin bc of racists *starts cryin*
thanks! i will try #boarding out
i want it to be wednesday already so i can hurry up and go to new zealand so i'm busy and not sitting here bored and stressing
_kill_boy i know the feeling
i woulda never believed that five years later i'd be a female engineer myself making tracks
missed the wbc counterprotests.  but probably going to waterfire with ben, yay!
you've got a deal!
just got home. :3 was pleased with star trek.
okay...so i have an aim account now...send me ur s/n's on there so i can add u...thx!
nnnnoooooo!!!! just learned we've got a frost warning for tonight!
what a great night.
i miss feb 23rd 2008  best night of my whole entire **** life. i'd rather re-live that night then win $1million.
happy mothers day to all the mums in my life and those that are not
oh, it's  's birthday! happy birthday andre michelle
we have tons of updates including pics of rob from yesterday. check them out  www.robsessedpattinson.com
wtf was that **** 5 mins before the marked closed...faz you cost me 4 grand
headin 2 chilis mr. presidente's callin my name! then 2 the ice house
i love how nice the weather is today and i am camping tonight! oh and i hate my hair
just had steamed fish w/ oyster sauce
_anderson hehe   fun tweets !
i miss standing next to you...
now the mosquito truck is waking me up
right! into action! grab a shower, grab my camera and, i think, a walk in the sunshine along the canal. later, good tweeple
you say the nicest things.
i'm sooo hyper! and i don't even know why! hahahahaha!
in the mailbox already for 2 hours
at the spoke club - fell in love with tom arnold all over again (not rosie'**** definitely different)... lucky moi
[URL] this message is posted on hellotxt facebook fan page through hellotxt, check it out
haven't read that book, but heard of it. feed, spay, love is a great motto for pet owners  although there is more involved
loving your music , had a good recommendation from someone who knows his stuff
man i cant go on sunday cause im helping out all day at the piano recital. this sucks
back at school again. almost weekend. oh wait, i gotta work from eight to four tonight
trying to learn for my oral exam, but i'm too distracted
why you never answer me..  wath i say to you
#twitterfails **** hard right now...this is annoying
i just heard that regina girls song @ les deux! and i think u should/have 2 come back 2 mc! i miss u
lmao! listening to the great bob marley!  wow hes so awesome
at marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots
is a lil sad bc i wont be able toeat a hot dog and big kahuna cookie sandwich at the ranger game tonight!
hip hop is alive & well in nashville tn!
good night all, 15 miles of trails with 7 peeks to climb in the morning, fun times ahead
of course im almost there and theres traffic
is anxiously awaiting rockets-lakers game ... yes, i finally got tix for games 3 & 4 .... yeahhhhh
ever been to a restaurant with over 200 items on the menu?  lunch decision shouldn't be this hard
_d i can't view anything, gerald. not only am i banned, i can't even read the **** place.
_argie yes i am
me and wendy are going after all.  wish you were!!!
every time i succeed with a code, i get 'we're sorry. your credit card has been declined at this time.'
found none
so bored  gonna go to the carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. excited for that, but very bored today.
a wet and dirty one now
work is a no go
oh no, you're gonna have to break up w/your ups guy when you move
very bummed i can't go to the  open house today.   dd and i woke up with a stomach bug.  blech.  y'all have fun!
haha  i did! many times before!
is feeling so giddy and wanna go home.
interesting combination  have a great one ;)
__  that's not good! hope you get better soon and good luck with the exams!
aw i couldn't see robert before practice. that makes me sad
got the brainbone daily question right!  - [URL]
goood dayy  beeen shopping, didn't get what i wanted though  but my best friend has comeeee homeeee!! xd ily shannii x
noones talking to me anymore
oh same here, can't believe they killed him off!  hate stringer now!
#sanctuarysunday  yay for #sanctuary, i may watch requiem after breakfast!
may have to work saturday   i want to just rewrite it properly over the weekend, but bosses may say just get it working now.
just got my 3rd tattoo  owwwwwww lol
really not lookin forward to monday  bak to college
i'm still thinking ... idk
lol! i hate when that happens!! all hyped up and its over before you know it! lunch sounds nice..hope you have a nice time.
last day to sign up for gocincinnati! www.crossroads.net/gocincinnati you can sign up with my group.. its going to be awesome
yeah, mine said 'that's a nice picture' & gave me the red x!  hope you get it working soon!
oh my gosh! my hair is so short! i miss my long hair!
_26 i wish you were here to take care of me
second song is coming along nicley
doin fine relaxin at work... hardly working
thanks.  sadly the streamline top ii is sold out. streamline trunk ii is available in my size but that only gets me halfway.
my cat!!
excited about having an empty apartment to ourselves for a little while
i want u to know i don't like u hun  j/p u know we go back
on my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......**** i feel old
: i really adore your k-popped site ! [URL] haha
still sick at home
glad i trudged through the first 60 pages of anathem.  now on pg340...it's been a long time since i wanted to call in sick just to read
in bed after a good last saturday in ec. i'm gonna miss this place but can't wait til summer
good morning guys!  experimental chemistry test this morning :s wish me luck!
made breakfast for bf; went to sears to pass my drivers test! stayed with minh for a lil, sauna&spa with aunt, uncle & mom; finally home
thanks, u 2!!! idk if im going or not... i don't feel like getting all dress up and doing my hair!!!  lol
yeah, i'm so excited.
just checked my bank balance. i spend like a millionaire despite the fact i am nowhere near as rich as one.
it was fun  ate at mas.thanks!!  good luck w/ ur showing tomorrow.
tired. about to climb into bed and fall asleep. i hope this weekend will be fun... i only have a couple of weeks left
well not just making dinner making dinner with wet hair!
thanks for trying   i was hoping bud trillin, but the fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed.
surfing the web...
yea its nice! but im only here for a weekend!
_trees  true. that's kind of your style isn'****  and less of the 'old chap' ;-)
give a hater a hug ? why would you do that? i don't like mwean people
cant believe er is all over
darn open source software and it's security holes
that be it, my nathan sense was tingling.
_sian lol. i don't have the benefit of sky+ and hubbie was watching them so had to sit thru it.
mayyyybe
i see 5 faces in that thing. but no more  ****
awww  that's no fun, did you take something?
i feel like ive done the london marathon, i ach all over
too many germï¿½n rodrï¿½guez's results. which one are you?  i mean, how do you look like in your profile picture?
what's up!!?
i agree. i danced with my dad to 'kind & generous' at my wedding. huge fan.
you are such a great person.
_xo oh and i know brody and erin
didn't know you folks were there, sorry.
sexxxxxxxy  i had a silly weekend with my bff =p fun times! haha
whaaaat what about your house? you've been working so hard on it!
tom is back in town
yup, everything's there.
i'm medal drivin'  home in 3 hours!
is finally home, fed and ready to go to bed and its only 2:45am.  that's gotta be a record
what's wrong with debbie?
had to pause tv, now i'm 10 minutes behind on bgt
aww, you are the sunshine of my life from bob and larry sing the 70s.  makes me think of  <3
thought it was rubbish  twins are cute tho!
what?! i was wanting to see that show!!
i hate how ms makes me feel. i can't control my legs 2nite & am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  anyone else get those moments?!!
hahahahahahahahahah! that tickled me so much!
_josa how exciting!!! looking forward to pics on facebook  ****
i want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
i still don't have the internet @ home  ****
just read mcdonald's is actually running more ads than before the economic slowdown. great. i'm lovin it.
fuccin bacc hurts now. just dragged the long blocc on a piece of wood. from the corner to in my garage.
oh ****. that really sucks
my car is possessed and won't stop honking at me
going to bed. today was another good, if uneventful day.
the new song with cobra starship is amazing!!
bahaha, bof? you've gotta get a life... although i can't say much with my obsession with miley cyrus.. i've gotta get a life
had a nice time with juno  [URL]
awake still o_o, breeding for perfect or close to perfect ivs on a pikachu  don't know what that means? google it or wait for my articles
just saw up with my favorites and surprisingly it was way too sad
why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  boo.
actually, web works fine. tweetdeck keeps crashing  i'm in nj today avoiding nascar
it's depressing
happy mother's day to all your wonderful moms!
if any one is looking for  he is now at   (and if you don't know him yet, follow him anyways, good guy)
ha i think i got like two hours of sleep last night and i have an early start tomorrow, so chillin and sleep is needed!
i miss that place, but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans
dad and mum are heading that way and i normally jump in the middle and thash about a bit while having cat chasing dreams
i don't think i'm going camping
right on!  i'm 29 myself... i turn 30 in october. i think that pretty much makes us awesome
now im in the work  , i miss my home, any news?
hmm.. didn't get the dm, are you sure it didn't go to someone else?
_mom maybe people would start looking for us... like 'where's waldo' but 'where's the ckc'?
maybe a good night's sleep for everyone?
_staack pfft ... i dont have the guts .. you tell him  and say its a fundraiser like .. pfft
not any more.
my new camera... [URL] ... rip my hot pink polaroid i733
aww  that's horrible! xd
wah. i'm gonna miss bowie people  esp you alyanna bondoc <3 and cesar. d:< i dunno if i can survive without my sosa!
enjoyed see'n everyone last night! even tho it was a really bad night financially... cant wait to kick it again @ the drive -ins!
watchin hollyoaks...poor justin!
my copy shipped friday, if it shows up today, i'll tune in.
fixed my favourites. $180 and the heels fell off after 4 wears
pretty much, thanks.  seeing if a little gilbert & sullivan will cheer me up more.
working again today  but off tomorrow for dan's party! yay!
thank you  xo
welcome aboard to 5 new followers  thanks, i'm honored.
going to sunnybank
laughed so much today over that picture of lauren, that my chest hurts.
has a lot to catch up on from the weekend! the bhr hosts have been busy, busy, busy  [URL]
i'm trying really hard not to hate you.
flu or allergy??? ... doesn't matter, just try to squeeze my sundayyyy
lets get rich and give everyone nice sweaters and teach them how to dance...
_morris congratulations! what a milestone for you and your girls! i'm almost at five months, just for one though  you rock!
lapit na ko magout. lapit na fated to love you.hehe  [URL]
_go you sure ?
sike sike call it truce???????????????? u still a **** and my ppl still gonna air u out tho
[URL] - about as precise as any other weather report
just had a bbq... yum im full now
needs to have an increase on her salary  [URL]
i'm good, thanks.  hope you're enjoying the weekend!
so sad you didn't day hello to me
star trek was sooooo awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!spock and kirk were hillarious!!!  im seeing it again. sooon.
damnit day 26 is at northpark mall..i use to live near there  someone steal mike for meeee!
happy monday!!  hope you have a great week!
so i played this game , yeahhhhh i lost  i'm inlove ughh....really cause i'm such a fool.
yep! here's a pic of the kid standing on the puffy taco.  - photo: [URL]
waiting for the denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  lakers suck lol :p.... come on denver!!
my sentiments exactly
supposed to be back sun (via private jet btw#!:o) but mite hav to stay bymyself (thnk god) for another week  & want bruno!
i am now vice president of social and cultural affairs at southwestern college
well.. i just saw the dead zone for the first time. its a good tv show.  is back
ready and waiting donnie   we love you too
there is absolutely nothing to eat in my house... epic fail
nope, up tomorrow  i'm tired need bed
gonna knit a felted heart toy for mum for mothers day. she's so great (not really) she loves anything i give her  luv ya mummy
graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class
thats beautiful
i'm trying to figure that out right now
_louise lucky me. there are mystery ingredients as well
want my new lappytop now, but the site says it won't be here till 6/9
very impressed
no 'rosie day' today  goal is to leav my house b4 my mom gets here hmmm maybe 'rosie day' rescheduled for....wed......
i am tired.
at the r&r fashion show with kacie
can't give blood within a year of getting a tattoo so i can't give...im gutted
im glad you got on twitter. i love you baby
i love all time low
shares i miss my niece and nephew. [URL] [URL]
cut it off.
i'm so pissed off today n sadly.. can't even share the reason here
feelin really awful. having mono sux so much. omg...listening to music
have to go to my old house and finish moving.
errg i cant believe that i am not working at all next week i think its time to move on from chick fil a
bbq party
watching battlestar galactica season 1...yeah you read it right!
guapisimo, chico you and ms. lady gaga looked amazing as usual
going to the gold coast for mothers day lunch
out with  &  i am soooo hungry
john ohh, i like you. like, like-like you.  best show ever. <3 the maine.
oh nancy - so sorry for your loss  & wishing you the best!
omg!! i'm tweeting sooo late sorry i miss u 2 good times ...no i didn't marry him still great friends
awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a hint! wrong
still in love with marky mark
half term is almost over
i'm one tough momma. put together a swing set for tammy allll by myself today!  my hubby would be so proud of me. :]
[URL] - what a mess. we're missing the bra strap.
definitely, or even just 'i'll call you', they never do  how was ur day? ****
hmm...what to make for dinner tonight???  no clue.  don't feel like cooking anything    hubby wants to go away tonight.
happy mother's day to all of the woman and the men who made them mothers.
its a lovely 58 degrees right now at 7am.  amazing. enjoy melting vegas. :l
my 89 year old grandma in chicago is having emergency surgery today....
is predicting a heavyweight battle between lakers and cleveland on the finals! well, hopefully! *crosses his fingers*
i just retweeted your jesus post as it made me laugh... don't worry, wasn't a subliminal code
what a cute dog
nothing like in 'n' out and a lost marathon after a long day of work.
yay i hit 50 subscribers on youtube. go me  lol.
while i remember, nerd hurdles rocks  especially the tale of the currency of ironpoodonia
my pic didn't work
haha, nice pic  looks abit like my school
[URL] -  saddest thing i've seen a while
thank you!!
: yaaay,  you're back .finally!!! i love reading your tweets ;d. and you ;p
i hate parents
i wish i could get sushi delivered to work
, you make baby jeebus cry
i'm tired but i'm in a good moood
happy mothers day!!! feliz dia delas madres  mine is already in heaven.. =( miss you...
thing always end up going bad
playing cards with my niece.
aww i have a tummy ache
out for a walk in the cornish countryside, on the great british bank hol   [URL]  [URL]
wow, so x-men was pretty much amazing. i love wolverine.
is almost over the legal limit of db at the garage.
morning... on monday. is it really?
wow, you're car's awesome! have fun with alex.
has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
attending matthew's senior day for recognition and i'm so not ready for this.
that **** money sign. ugh.
wants a new phone. ugh my b-day in 3 weeks ya'll
just relax
so the man behind the awesome macarena vid. great work. love it.
last day at work...sick to the bone
really .. least u wont hav 2 put up wiv him
i changedd my background  its from picnik.
you were right about karla not the best movie made
dude i tried!! it wouldn't load!
bank holiday  off to the station now. catch you all later.
almost dun choreographing the dance
doh! i was hoping to get a book for the missus but exclusive books are closed
i miss her ..... i hope she comes back
aight im out. off to see spring awakening. home we make it home in time to see jay's last show
my portfolio v2 uploaded! any comments and feedback are warmly welcomed!  [URL]
gdnight tweeters (: night  sleep tight and don't steal my blankets  otay! i love yous
oh, fabulous ta.  i'm with the coffee too, obviously, although my cup is not large enough to embrace which is its deficiency.
girl yes, as if having it where you cant see it wont gross enough
welcome aboard my friend... the fans are gonna love ya here
the vp is gone...so why am i getting a headache?    time to have some coffee and fight it off. #migraine #ohnoyoudidnt
education doesn't move forward because we keep repeating our past (sigh)
me too,but i'm goitn to go to shower!and cleanin' up my room and later eat somethin'
i hope to take you on that offer one day
how can it be so freaking difficult to get a system-wide spellchecker? ****, i'd settle for an office suite one. stupid unhelpful windows
my body hurt  i need a rub down like now!
the globe theatre rocks.......nothing better than romeo & juliet as it was supposed to be watched
please ignore cheesey music
cool! linux?
new crisis, my bag is too eavy for my doe
wakey wakey lemon shakeyyyy!  haha, goin' 2 schooliooo!  it's raining!! (ugh!) guess where i wish i can be right now....california! ???
hi bruce  i am trying to eat healthy!  it's kinda scary when i read 'eat this not that'  maggots and rat hair in our food
games? just wanted to clarify
haha you would do that =p that's cute. nobody ever comes to visit me  god **** lake geneva and how far it is from civilizati ...
feeling pretty tired and lonely
thanks for the headsup re: tour, just booked 4 tickets for the palace on 20th june
hi celebxxxvidsyh and aybygw! thanks for following
i'm so freaking afraid that once again i've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . .
i can only message those who message me, if we're fwends...so those that want replies..follow me.  hmm..that sounds funny..
four hour baseball game. at least the crew spent much of it making the cubbies look bad.
my wack friends are all raiding my kitchen. rene, my love bound for badluck and debbie, my psycho korean friend.  <3
did they already get the tax money from helio for his winning of the pole position! ha ha!!
when i fell on my **** today i ripped my blue volcom boxers
[URL] - soak your had in hot water (but not boiling) for about 30mins - it'll pull them right out
is not liking the online livebox right now. internet is dead.
getting into the swing of things. i miss someone
to save my heart i think imma let go! i can see myself getting hurt with you!
in edinburgh. just had a chinese yum! better take wee haggis out hes cryin at me   dunno y tho xox
likes cheerios and scones in the morning
good! i hope that it was a wonderful experience!
haha hell ya id love to find some boys to toke with, and thats a very sexy bike
wearing spidey boxers
g*morning! rain, rain and more rain.. ! but i don't care so much
2nd to last episode of jay leno  itll never be the same!  nite twitter
is ur boyfriend better than mine? hell no!
****. stephane doesn't even feel sorry for me. off to work then
has had a really good bank hoilday
that room will be an oven too
thanx for the msg! glad u liked my singing!
dear daniel, good news from nintendo! they want you as a potential lotchecktester! hoffentlich wirds was mit der stelle
love to but can't swing the 11 am  i would more than likely do an evening tweetup in the future!
lol, what's wrong? workin right now sowwwy
i need help twitter world! orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy?
best show of my life. guess i'm going to sc this week
i dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
feeling very grateful for such a great mum, and family
_wesely he he   love it.
why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  i haven't seen any here, and i've only found this [URL] online.  ugly.
just went with kerri to her locker for the last time.
[URL] - :o i see your dog..  bella..?
just taking my dad in law for a sunday stroll down old leigh  a beautiful morning, say hi to morris lol  [URL]
watched the rescuers down under with dru and ate mickey d's. this is how disney sequels *should* be done
finished dexter season2    start on season 3 next week?
thanks for follow. was just adding you from your twitter page, after commenting your blog
thank you! i appreciate that.
happy mother's day ladies!!! hope you all have a wonderful day.
an aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking
migraine and leg pain and woe ): should go to bed but it is 2 flights of stairs away. happy mother's day
you're faking it! hahaha...i kid.
_devil1 big brother quiz?  what?!  i'm too busy rocking out on guitar hero, i didn't notice any such thing
wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake
have fun!!!!  i dont have school for a while, wish i could go to germany... its like 1 hour away  xoxo
exactly the same problem i am having with pure classical music, i cant njoy it
liz just left  aww it was so good to see her.
time for bed!  hope your saturday was as lovely as mine was...
[URL] just printed my mom an amazon gift card  for happy mothers day talk about last minute.
is cold  mind you i have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. i don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
i want it to rain today! like full thunderstorm style! but it probably won't
how great is that!  nice to meet you!
what about ape and server-side javascript with #mootools ? [URL]  (via )
lol #yourock
cold,so cold ****!
barack obama: 3 from 3 from the line! [URL] of course, the video was not edited
watching 'say anything' - great '80s movies and the starting point of my love for john cusack!
lady is clean now, im going to calexico in a moment, i have so much things to do today, and i wanna go and watch the hanna montana movie
what a bad day
were getting old donny. i got one starting high school next yr and one going into the 7th. where have the years gone?!
bored...disgusting weather..bored..sooo bored for my last weekend here
yeah hun it was a good night  my ankile is even more **** now tho
gotta buy the second season of  ghost whisperer now, but noo moneyy
aw yay
oh, that's bad. i made that mistake once before but still managed to pass though. so maybe it isn't as bad as he thinks?
for cervical cancer, i have to get 2 more
think big! 'the size of your thinking determines the size of your results' bob proctor's great advice      [URL]
awake again at 6am on a saturday, isn't this sleep in day. oh well have some work to keep busy. if only it was work keeping me awake.
iï¿½m good. wanna get out of the office....
i really wanted to go to surfers today
just sat down to play a quick hand of poker and won $5k on my first hand with a flush. i'm done for today
happy mother's dayyyy!!!
sat in the pub. pretty quiet so far. prob leave in a bit. work at 6.30
oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet
its finally nice out... an hour before we leave
i'm searching followers
oh man....my fiance just got off work and i start mine in 1 hour....so not fair.....
at work surprisingly happy all things considered, ahhhh loveliness
doing okay. how are you doing?
do you have a facebook page? if not i'll email you pictures of my bangs. if you don't like them i'll blame the kitties.
hey momma cherri's site is still active: [URL] i'd love to go too one day
happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world especially the tweeter moms
musashi's? has a great rep. or did you go to kitaro
. i'm sitting here with this girl that urk my nerves damm yo
ugh! i can't access through my mobile web!
aww that sucks
looking forward for orange juice and fried eggs and cinnamon rolls tomorrow morning!!
im on my way to brookings
excited for today! but still so much to do
special mention for the new mean girl ... welcome her! & if you're not already, follow her!! night
at work i don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!
awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion.
what a beautiful day! going to edit lisa maxwell interview from her last day at the bill now. shame i can't see my laptop screen outside
afaik a little sad that croccos is no longer available for salsa wed nights. bummer!!!!ienjoyed going there wed nights.
about to take a shower. then see how annas doing
@_laertesgirl ohh of course. she did stop once though, end of dream. john woodvine & zoe thorne, only ones not signed my programme
grass fed beef burgers with sauteed mushrooms and cheddar on wheat buns along with a salad. yum. poor kim still isn't feeling well
- no work, but gotta be here till 9pm  enna kodumai sir idhu...
emo moment!!  just said good bye to my best friends ever! but we'll meet again for sure!
pythonkings.nl    equals ---->       almost better than the sims....
- i enjoyed seeing everyone that presented on saturday at the clark howard event - especially the 3 pre-clark speakers
such a nice day and i'm gonna be stuck inside all night
show 147 in pre-pre production ....... a bit behind
my knee **** hurts man  haylee doesn't even care, get me more milkshake-shake-shake-shake it!
ok its ff soooo why isn't anyone following meeee??? lol ughhhh i have some lazy a%# followers they wont even help me out
i'm going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today (i know i'm going to be the one who sings along!!)
just looked at the date...today the one year anniversary of my grandmother...miss her mane   um sad
perfect night in nj.
i was glorious at 6.50 when i went outside, so why has it gone cold and cloudy now
pol! is this song from a new album? i am really missing out on udd!
happy mothers day
want 2 transfer my naini trip pictures 2my comp so i can upload thm on web bt i dnt hv my usb  snt few via multimedia @ 5 rs/pic. expnsiv!
so romantic!!!!i hope you both have an amazing time...and paparazzi don't follow you!!you need more privacy with doug  xoxo
there will be a session of #momotlv at #iva09
bored well its not like any one can see this i havent got any friends
skyping with katie  & allison yeah boy katies mom mooned us
heading to a wedding
i was scared by the daleks in the dw exhibition in cardiff.
_layne you're welcome sweety!  muah! xoxox luv ya!
whaaay, first day on my own tomorrow. this should go well
having really bad sorehead
tolddd you there was thunder! ew now it's all rainy d: i'm scared!
thanks!  actually, when i first got my twitter, my pictures wouldn't upload either. but they upload, it just takes a
another letter for you - this one car insurance - ouch
glued to the copier machine today.
i say it's in the cards.
en route 2 the airport!! la bound
just bought 6 new movies
wow thot we'd lost ya lol lol
gave my mommy her mother's day present. tickets to aerosmith (her favorite band everr.) yay for a good reaction.
buying my copy today, so excited! need to learn it for friday  good luck in sheffield
when u do get at me i will show u all the hotspots there is no where i dont kno when it comes to shoppin here lol
having a bad day/week
just goy back from a day of tests at the hospital. going to start chemo on monday
things that happened today:  my younger brother ran over one of our dogs. yeah. i know.  she's going to have surgery this weekend.
my last day with my favorite teacher.....im quite sad
alright don't want you to overdue it now. lol you are funny  nite nite
not to sound preachery or anything, but my iphone is amazing.  haven't had an issue since the 2.0 firmware   {wink wink}
right now on my justin.tv channel: gta4 fav meh  www.justin.tv/djandyw
hahah i sowwie hun  whats up thoe ?
i'm gonna wear my new purple converse today
u didn't hit me up
interesting to see the differing accounts. mandy is always very pc in all her accounts. her robbie is a monk!
good morning! happy monday, everyone
you cant put off age but you can put off grumpiness
i **** love the **** internet.
might be seeing my god mothers little boy in a bit  . leon, so cute <3333
ughh feel rubbish
i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community
rickbaker24 follow me please. i only have 6
awww, yeah, i love that one.  i remember seeing him at great america w/ tassi.  such a great memory
thanks you soo much i need this day for these five kids lol
last #ff  _diesel    _web_design
gotta catch 'em all
just made diy acid wash shorts! can't wait to see what they look like
just woke up to go to the bathroom, had the weirdest dream before i woke up...back to sleep night/morning ...wateva
really ill again not been well for 2 weeks, i've got a bad viral infection.
omg guys my internet has been down the whole day  it's still not working  i'll try fix 2m
aww i know its my addiction!   awww i know sameee  !  its just more more more !
just dmed you your login details for the twitter salvation system. enjoy! do let me know what u think.
sittin at the hospital with isaac cause he hit his head
omj my sister brought coldstone cupcakes today instead of a cake to celebrate bdays in family and i was so excited taking pics
thx 4 sharing!
#happymothersday to all the moms out there
lol kk i've sent u a friend request
_nl they're bees that will be trapped into my honeypot
yo yo yo! i like ice cream
fckeditor is giving me problems! posts just fine, but only edits in plain text! help!
: help jen i had a monster energy drink and now i'm crashing.
im sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia's new video.
tomorrowland central hasn't gotten confirmation that i'm signed off on star tours, so just waiting to see if they can give me a shift.
i saw the show listing and saw it was on a wednesday!!!!
back from the gym! i'm no expert or anything, but i'm pretty sure i am not going to be able to move tomorrow, maybe even in a few hours!!
another day gone by....  have to wake up early again tomorrow
tired with a headache  me no like sunshine
hey babe, nothing much tryin to see what imma do at work today lol, look like the load isnt so bad.
oh, a really good 1 dude, thx... added
has finished exams.... has (almost) moved out of halls and is leaving london tomorrow
i quite like baseball and bball oh and the odd gridiron match that a tiny tiny part of the worlds population calls football
havin friends over hangin out with christian tonight!!  gonna roast marshmellows and chocolate and cramcrackers.!?!?!
i can't wait till tomorrow. just because its a new day
the next wk i c drs too but maybe then? i would love it! i did go to mac grill.  john was not there! thought of u!
watering the plants at home. drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded.
not in this part of surrey either, feeling quite a bit nippy i must say. afternoon to you
dont wanna work tonight
_thomas ahhhh probably will...not good  u been dubai before??
so...i really want to be home right now.
enjoying my bank holiday  just had a meeting with the real estate agent who will offer our amsterdam apartment for rent
lol @ half - i already have a bulky desktop- i'm geared up for super slim and light: ssd performance is unreal
im duong in vietnam. where r u from? i'm 19. i dont understand what you wrote down in twitter, please tell me! thanks!
oh wow  ouch...
awh tom, thats really cute. i love you guys for that really, 'cause you care about fans  x
jon & kate + 8 kids attracted a huge tv audience, tabloid headlines, and now a state labor investigation   [URL]
oh, amazing  i have two too and i need to have the third (yn)
this has been like the never ending story....all i seem to be doing is packing and now unpacking!!! soon over, great here
go and see my puppy! i don't want to be there alone
im sitting here super nervous about the chiodos contest, i hope i win!!!!
... that's all
or maybe its just us ....
just eaten, and feel extremely bloated...  now for the not so fun part.
thank you love!
can you repeat what was bad about singapore pools website please?
stinks  what do you do anyway?
where can i get nice food for mam down the bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen
night night twits! im so glad i will be waking up to a saturday off work!! printer has broke though
i got a replacement phone and now all my text messages and call history are gone.  i am sad.
ap gov exam. haven't looked at this stuff in months. what's that? i'm a total legal nerd and know these cases like none other? oh, yeah.
thanks for havin us overrr!
on my way to orlando and its raining
yikeysss!!  i'm harmless really!! just want some attention from brody!!!
ouch, my back. i'm sick of having a pamela anderson esque chest
thinking of summer
work around the house  boo
just wants to compute
i feel like a piece of garbage!  see: [URL]
grabe, norms. i researched; dami pala flamenco forms and sub-forms. kaloka!  i attempted a solea. kaloka ang 12-beat!
i wanna get an ff tweet too
ditching out again?  you will be missed. i wish my ruby boys would represent.
signup for dojo workshop in munich ([URL] ) ends today. hurry up
welll my folkiesss(; im offf to dream land;work in the mornin;ugh;ewwy. talkkk to me;but tomorrow  <3 lurvee ya'll[;>
i wish i can go to two different schools at the same time.
where is everyoneeeeeeeeee ?
ferns n petals (fnp.in) should help you accomplish that task
i'm in sf right now
oh about you lol sorry my minds always on you
right, is too glorious a day to be sat inside....must go and do something more active! have a good day all
are you going to hate being around my baby?
my phone died
- thats my hair guys. oh dip i gotta go!  on-ee two minits leff . . .
boredom isnt any fun..wish i had somebody to hang out with tonite..
_from_hell  how's monday for you?
dunno. maybe the flu. i feel a bitbetter now.
facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
i lost my phone.
good morning  tis a rainy monday morning...blahhh!
schoool needs to end, work tonight 4 to 8  hittt me up after <3
wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll applebees!!! yumm
awesome pics! it's a nice way to start the week
upgraded exact audio copy to v0.99pb5
u wack put a swimsuit on and regular pants at least
sorry  i'll make sure to bomb in talk at ssug next month as penance ;-)
cleaning my room..
anytime. i aim to please.
going to southland
is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least i had a fun time with the girlfriend ...
thanks for trying! done just that and no good  if i can't fathom it i'll take it to apple store. sigh...
insomniac over here as well
that was pretty lame babe
yay, joss is coming over on saturday
i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance
urgh, i really hate that medicine
i really need a skateboard  ........
i'll send you the youtube link <3
i got the ticket dismissed
nobody likes to feel low priority.
thank god we finally found her!
are you in galbladia garden? that **** is hard.
thunder & lightning scarededededed me!
band recommended by steph --> paramore! who else? a great band, consists of->hayley williams,josh farro,zac farro,jeremy davis  best band!
dude, you could totally get that then sell it to some denton musician and profit
riley had an alphabet fashion show today and i forgot my camera.  it was so cute!
summer/ yet i have to read 6 books.... 6 long books
this is 5 hours late, but i never managaed to sleep properly. i think david tweeting me back earlier is the reason. ahaha
doing the awful online portuguese test!
why do i never get to see my paychecks? it's not fair, the second i get them they're gone!
if you need to talk or vent let me know
i had so much fun tonight!! but i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep
only tao in the summer?? that is not many
suffication no breathing. it's okay. there'll be more. you're invited to mine, but i can't promise fun times.  *jinx
ooh can i have some? i'm hungry but i don't wanna get outta bed
answering email questions for art of photography show. yes-i actually reply.  [URL] entry deadline may 22nd
don't see the link on my web interface
because he _real_nash wants to be an honorary filipino  i'll follow him now ;)) thanks !
welcome to two months ago! banjo tooie is about to be released!
heading to work
webcam still wont work  evil stuffs.
days with cellstorms, i like it!
cool its my p
are you making fun of the  call-in guy?
u go to profile then ill help u from there cause ur right next to me!!! he he he
massive headache
welcome home!  glad you made it home safe!
2 hours 3 mins left.....the pressure!!!! we need to hurry  #48hours
dreary bus ride home. im rubbing my eyes out but at least i didn't spend the day in school. over 12 hrs well spent
this definitely separates a professional robber & from an amateur one!
so are you going to watch star trek or wolverine..? i bet you are going to watch both  right?
bye! off to the movies with jake
*hugs back* me too
and welcome to dk  #jaoo
i went to go check my phone for messages. then i remembered i dont have a phone anymore
so hyped about e3. i wish i could go...
happy mother's day to all the mums out there
that's why you are visiting alllllll the time next year.. it will never be the same though
one good deed deserves another. i hope to help someone else some day
lol were always friends  i havent got hers yet .. and im busy next weekend  dunno when im getting yours and hers
ok - thats enough!
its funny how i want something even more... now that someone else has it and i cant anymore    hahaha next!
made it home..night my twitties
how come everyone seems to make so much more money than me.
if all goes according to plan, you cse rfid guinea pigs should have a **** ff extension to play with by the end of this week
wow i just slept till 2pm..again... good job me
haven't tweeted in like a day.  so here goes...
my lil sister charese, her best friend passed today
my mum thought that my brother laughing was the cat about the throw up... smooth
i dislike math, but math hates me
ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?
u dont have to quit smoking  [URL]
haha  i like you default picture.     meow.
uggh everything, i'm sending you!!! i keep sending it to my twitter. so i have to forward it to you!!! i suck at life
give them my best!
congrads on engagement/bridal shower! sounds like fun for upcoming 'jump out of the audience'  wd love to join in!
i had a great time at the surprise party! we got him good!
teehee. it was a good show anyway
glad you liked it-  he's done loads of arrangements but that was the only one i could find on blip
thats what andy said a few hours ago....i hope they actually are
home from ghosts of girlfriends past with my lovely luddite  not exactly high theatre, but a good date movie!
i don't think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz i know i will wake up sick.
i am a big fan of danny dyer i have to say this movie looks awesome  [URL]
funeral ceremony...gloomy friday...
targeted browser for what?! i just read that windows mobile uses the ie6 core as its default.
i am loving this sunshine and hating the thought of my office without windows
um don't u already have like nine of my paintings?!?! jk, lemme come finish that 4 u
_bui yeah right. i just accepted my grants, and it covered at least 10,000+ of my school fees. tritonlink is down so i cant verify
i hear you ...
came tantalizingly close to acing a facebook communism quiz. one question has 'i hope britain will be next communist' as correct answer.
back in a mo. cover girls hubby on fb chat. she not seen him for 5 months
cross country was today...hmmphh my feet hurt
[URL] - this is a very pretty picture
a successful shopping day
stressed  i want prom to be perfect for me & my babe and **** aint looking to good right now!
one final down, two to go!
wasn't all bad #celtics won! but yeah, hope the #redsox do better. good morning btw.
it's friday!!!!....and the sun is out....but i'm working inside.
zoita had a cardio apt. 2day. doc says her hole-in-the-heart hasn't closed. she'll need the surgery to close it [URL]
i feel so stupid for saying this, but.... i don't know how to twitter some one please help me. ppl please do not laugh, ok laugh but...
talk to me isn't a good idea?  i'm going to buy a gift to my friend, so you have 20 mins...
i keep trying to get through but i cant
cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! hate public transport!!
i'm sorry you won't make it.
congratulations  were you being mindful through the run as well or / and listening to music?
crazy, we live in a small world, and now u live in covina huh? thas where im @ but back to chino i goooo
whatz that supposed to mean  i have a dog now  waaaaaaaaaah lol jk
thank you! you know i really love 'bhb'
www.whispergifts.com for bridal registry  dm me for a free premium account.
good mornin & no u tol twitter lol but i knew & called u yesterday 2 see if u were okay but no answer  how r u feelin babe?
wowza, only the second tweet of my entire trip and i leave in 3 days   but first - blow up sf tomorrow night!
day 8 of the 30 day shred and day 5 of special k challenge... i feel fantastic.
ohnoes!   that's icky!
you had 6 - 5 star reviews in canada, at least until the 'talk like a canadian' incident
[URL] - we are one hott couple  eventho this was a few yrs ago but we still r
will be back in dallas tomorrow.
looks like i got a defective macbook
hey talinda  how tyler slept this night? my nephew is now 4 yrs old and he stopped naps from age 3
when r these **** exams ever gone b over and done with?  i wanna b out in the sun
haha all because of chocolate? always knew your heart was in your stomach. wait till you try the truffles
no!  i in fact made sure that cookie was never delivered.
reviews done, 30 new sentences, 100+ iknow done wow on a role
well now i'm gonna be on a mission to find their music
so its been forever since i've tweet, just wanted to say thaty i love bill! and i hope ya'll have an amazing week
wishing i got fij
happy mommy day
its probable bed time. hugs and kisses  <33
still @ the courthouse!     happy to have a job... sad its this one!
_bum lol *30 minutes slow* in a sec  i was just having fun tearing down old posters and putting up new ones
many thanx guys
headache  hanging out with my puffy. i love him <3
i have had to yield my computer to the webkinz fan club...
whoooooo! spcn 2009!  ready to cheer for !
i know   but maybe by then you will have forgotten about it, and it will be like christmas in july!!
ooh i've got that dvd, never got around to watching it   is it any good?
richelle mead - succubus blues-fabulous read! very entertaining, lots of fun and interesting too!! next please..
feeling like ****. hope its not swine flu or something
hey ive seen the musical live its funny lol
ya i just got a twitt from somebody sayin it looks like its gonna rain out here on the west coast..i aint been outside yet.
never made it to the gym so will be doing my blowout sans thong wearing company. phew! but bummer on missing workout
'leave the pieces' - the wreckers... hmm
i knew that. i attended an innovation seminar at picnic 2007.
yep. wasn't that much to play with though. just install and voilï¿½! it works  but you need a fast connection...
i picked up some stuff i missed the 2nd time  and to think you missed all the in jokes too!
no turkey leg? i can't believe it!
lol  check this video out -- new minute maid commercial [URL]
going to go kennel the dogs and then i am going to watch goblet of fire
can i get a 'what?'  'what?'...the baby sent some twitter messages on my behalf
i just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60% cleaner. - [URL]
happy grey's day everyone! oh i miss grey's!!
i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see
around, reading, bed.
so the beneath show got cancelled bummer! i guess i wont see you til cornerstone  who are you goign with?
hi anyone there?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
keep trying...taking texts all week long...
can't concentrate  need a booster to woork
but i can still putt 30 yards longer than you can hit your driver
_colossus lol, cheers 'mate'. yeah it went well thanks
no i didnt! i couldnt get to liverpool today, of all days!  did you?
girl, you're crazy... i love! you.  hahaha, and i got! yo' lp chap.
hanging out with rex, missing alabama and my nanna already...
michael scofiled noooooo !!  i hate the writer, director n production
hey oprah just watched the show with hugh jackman, i love him too, he is so sexy
awww the boys have no beards?    i liked their manly man-ness [via ] #asylm
goooosh! someone payed my lastfm subscription  ^^
get thee yon to the nearest walgreens upon arrival.
i incredily love reading your tweets! they're so entertaining, keep it up.
marley crying for more ball throwing....keeps eying me through the door
kind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet
morning sweetie, you cool?  ****
love that book! my vw i'm about to turn in is named scout.
in a  mood.. listening to the older stuff... this time around. not that old but old enough.
i don't like demi...i like la la land and don't forget. do you like ashley tisdale??
aw. that sounds amazing  but i think i have work. thank you for inviting me though
thnkn bout yesterday..best day ever!& 2day virtus vs treviso at da futurshow..hard game,gotta win! forza ragazzi!!!
great night
thinking about someone. now a days i think more and code less  what is it...?
same
is sooooo tired... wants to crawl back into bed
i think you should come tomarrow....because i was really really really looking foreword to seeing you.......please come?
yeah, that was my point >.< please dont make me feel worse than i do
have to change practice pools, someone threw up in our normal pool
_fear_me samee.. it sucks..
watching maxium 100. why can't i look beautiful like those girls.
crying cuz people wont follow me!!!!!!!
man.. it's starting to rain real hard..
i just got my nails done n i already messed them up  alejandra <3
noo, good guys are better  x
i think im just going to wind up going home and go to bed
hella wow .  no doubt .
your the voice i hear inside my head, the reason that i'm singing, i gotta find you, i need to find you
: yeah, i fell asleep  i'm sorry. no way in the world i was waking up @ 7am lol. i had to work @ 9am.
most of my friends wanted to try it yesterday but failed because of the whole .net thingy...it worked fine with me
_efron 17 again was amazing! i have seen it three times! it's just hilarious, and you are fantastic!
_kelly bummed about the maxi dresses!  i think they're so cute for summer but i'm only 5'4'!
amy meredith has a soccer team? well i also have news about soccer. my team won aswell!!  ****
said final farewells to roommate.  almost finished packing then it's dc or bust on the 3rd. california: i divorce you x 3!
darn it, i'm craving wedding cake... a craving that's very hard to satisfy with anything else!
if i can run by then, i will join you...miss running
today is not going to be relaxing like i hoped.
happy 2 b out of school!!!!!!! people just piss me off sometimes
listening my own playing on a friends album and being disgusted by every second of it... **** i suck.  normal reaction. every album.
its just one of those days....
was able to create an itunes acct but can no longer redeem the kris allen album. note said it got canceled
yeah, totally unfair.  we should just. flame them everywhere
_d we might not get movie night this week.  unless it's like really early in the morning for you, lol.
stupid alarm!! lol morning twiits.....
_pinkapple not much on for the weekend here. off to knox shortly & definitely must get into the garden. it's a wee bit neglected.
[URL] - this is what i meant when i said my skin is terrible. plus sunburnt chest.
i hope so  i know woo! haha 2 times  it was exciting lol
sick! i'm totally getting gh5!! too bad you guys didn't get to play in boston
well you my man, you and your truck are 900 too many miles away!!
just woke up from a delightful nap. i can't desribe how much success is involved in an 8am nap on sat night....need rhubarb now
shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.sadly children wr involved in zahedan
you'll be fine  don't worry ... good luck again
still hoping for a job... but now i have strep so looks like i wont be looking around places for the next couple of days
shaw guys are over when i want to be sleeping
is looking at that person from a very different pov.  never thought i'd see this day arrive!
it's 2am and i still haven't gone to sleep yet! up early to hit the beach and then shopping! yays!!!
i miss  so much  i wish i had enough money to be with him again
lol  i'm sure it would be the most kick azz version we've ever heard!
i'm playing good because i'm a big baby
at the store! lol i don't have any liquour here
_spark heheh.  odd though, i thought a couple of the others i'd done were better
looks like i can go see jeffree star afterall. i told my dad he'd hate the music & he said i could go alone
watchin' a moovie...and im sited about going 2 ma friend sara's tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. she was injured   i luv ya'll. i will keep u updated
pics arent working for me here on twitter
good morning  6.15 am: plans for the day ...nope, nothing interesting
wow that's very buddhist o_o hooray jews
_boo jealous  can you add 'and i really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?
cool.. look forward for frequent tweets
hey where my left ****? she never respond bacc..
watch jay leno tonite!!!  it's his last day as the tonite show host and  late nite leader
i'm soooo tired i have to study for all of my subjects ..... history is gonna be so hard!!!! >.< help me!
needs shows before wednesay!!! oh well... come one come all... irvine improv live @ gotham showcase 8pm  lots of good comics...then me.
it's the non-www fail  [URL] that works
ok. happy star wars day, everyone. as they say, may the 4th be with you
the video on myspace is so funny...u run a lot hahaha i voted
just got stung by nettles lol in about 3 fingers  and i mean come on that dude with the apples needed to step it up a notch!
ohhh ladyhawke is on channel 4  i sort of have a thing for rutger hauer [URL]
feels sad coz i wasnt able to play with the guys!!!  [URL]
i need to sleep for a whole day to recover from this birthday!! i'm getting so old!!
_lovato never been better thanks  what are you up to?
i have a palm now. i would like an htc hd, but it costs 3 times more than my phone
yes2 bgt! if everything goes well i'll catch their reunion concert
_jamie i guess  ! i was really suprised..
this day jus keeps getting better and better  fml
because my dad has the tv to loud. then i get creeped out cuz im from a dodgy neighbourhood and there was someone in my bush.
assfuck, 'i'm sorry' roll. okay i gave in.  i'm such a sucker.  [URL]
just watched it on youtube and its hilarious. i laughed trough it.. seriously guys so funny.. greetings from germany...
just got home! let us all be connected with god, constantly!
need dayquil
where has my sleep run off to??
aw i'm sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!
im not a supermodel, i still eat mcdonalds baby thats just me!  ****
i have high cholesterol
moodle intro training this morning... ages since i've done that... and only 2 bookings
somewhere in the center...
it's a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it, so cheerful!!  ? [URL]
as predicted i feel lyk ****  gahh i hate bein ill!! at wrk tweet lata ****
_surprises unfortunately yes
gotta go to the doctor this morning  i feel so sick right now. i can barely talk but i'm still yelling across the house lol
just changed my car tires, cost me a bomb.
really!
that really sucks - i think i might cry if i skipped over anything important i don't have. comps are getting to be disposable
thought yes man was good  had a blast with old friends tonight and heard some great music
i'm slowly reallizing how this burn i got at work 5 hours ago really sucks
forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  hope i can get in a few easy miles after work.  tomorrow: racin' the gap!
happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl
sadly, it doesn't  i was so hopeful after american doll posse, too ... it's just so blah and vacant of dynamic.
this herniated disc sucks.  i'm stuck mostly on my back when i could be out riding.
ugh, i hate waiting in airports. i couldn't find a seat near an outlet either.
i am outta here... see you guys later (or tomorrow)... happy mom's day again!
as old as the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe & everything. that's 42, for all the non-hitchikers guide fans
i am parked in fs yet no ticket.
why does  never reply to mee  he must really hate me :l
hahahaha nice. i gave up on bio cos idk what the hell i'm doing, so hello chem
nah, you're just altered forever   enjoy.
has work to go to.
done studying bout the earth
happy motherss dayyyy  so my sister decided to make lunch...hmph. but i decorated the house !  andd then i danced and sang hahaa
no class the next two days...but work  everyday from today til next wednesday  so sad
no u miss me !!!!! lol
hope your son is okay!
just hangin out at home, watchin twiligghhttt ( and readin it (again!!) lol school sukked today bahaha
awesome! wish i could fly out to see her
boyfriend is out with friends tonight. don't know what to do with my evening
i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me
happy mothers day.  oh and no i havent read it yet, will do now
you own a didgeridoo?!?!
_mean where?
105% of people between 18-24 yrs in dk is on facebook, more profiles than citizens in that range  where are you in dk? and why?
listening maroon 5 .... 'songs about jane' is one of my favourite albums in time
thanks for getting me bottled water.
been sitting in garden with my mummy and also got a text from the boy who i thought had got the hint    obviously not.
shuuut up  stupid.
yeah that sounds more sensible. thought you had a heston bleumenthal moment of genius somehow!
i missed one
did you really just call me ma'am...wow that was the reality check of the day  lol
tyring to pack for my aruba trip (soul beach music fest)
the pink straw also makes you manly
this hiatus of yours is like... really long. boo
happy mother's day!
up odee early qot a call from some1 who i haven't heard from in a very lonq time
is going to our cabin soon
i've got nothing witty to tweet
is taking mommy to the airport.
they are evil mean people, who hurt you. i have a terrible phobia of dentists, but had toothache from hell this week
back in from li 2hours ago n still made it to work  yay me
live tv coming to the xbox 360.  but only if you live in the uk.  [URL]
eesh, sorry to hear that. that isn't going to make travel to michigan very fun.
setting up bookmarks on my new blackberry curve. now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime!
lol --> don't mention it, my pleasure!!
got 1 after school detention. 2 lunch times and if i dont go to them. i will get 2 more after schools
peeling so much!!   ..i feel so bad
having margaritas w/ mommie...what a great combo!
good mornig to everone... it's a great morning ...in the evening i play in the theatre in lord of the flies. it's so much fun!
aww  im ok been stuck on a coach coming back from nans today and its been lovely sunshine too  ****
no email?   just kidding, it can wait filling out form now... seriously.
never a relaxing weekend for the allahpundit
_august84 hahahaha now that is a spooky wish babes  how about a lifetime supply of shoes with matching bags and constant weight?
bacon fail.  ended up with a commiseration muffin
say hi to me, i'm depressed cause i cant see you
you are very sweet, my everyday hero friend
i seem to have run into a bit of a keychain issue.  user differs on /library/keychains/system.keychain, should be 501, owner is 0
i hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  [URL]
i'm sorry.....deep breaths, i started a program called panicaway...it has worked wonders.
pfft. fan this *helicopters imaginary penis* ....  hi drake! welcome to the real world!!!
getting ready for the concert tonight! yay!
just chilling out in my room on the computer
_skies you got me singing falling in love now. only, i'm changing the week day to saturday. doesn't quite fit.
it's overwhelming how i'm finally catching up with my cousin/bff since i was three who i haven't seen in years. ah, memories. miss her
lure her in with a foot massage!
lucky! i still want those blue ones
started a great mother's day season!
off work yesss ! super hungry
in work early, frustrating myself with my own work before i get frustrated with other work. not much time for design today
[URL] - clean
i called kris he didn't pick up i feel really bad ha ha
better finish off an order for this little guy first tho   [URL] time to go   cheerio an drasda!
moses and his girlfriend broke up!
the hulk, great movie  you might recognize toronto's younge street in some of the fight scenes.
hoping to hear from you all soon
i have a crush on this guy at my job, name is tyler and his eyes are blue and very mesmerizing and he is too cool. nite
my dog died today. we had her for 11 years. i miss her so much.
yeah but it doesn't sound indie enough  i need2learn some other tunes and then pick up mo style =] 1hour! i'll c u then ;)
thanx mang!  shes due in june 12th and yezzzir the first baby! -drummer boi
i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
where are the good music and lyrics?! it seems like humans have lost their ability to understand whats good and whats bad.
just to drive  crazy, i miss the big blue selected tweet highlight. i can't tell which tweet is selected anymore
at home sick
haha wtf is that! you don't want me to leave
hope it isnt too hot a summer then.hows little one today,being good i hope.lol
hey, got your text sms. i plan on maybe just catching a flick tonight. last night was a wee bit too much for me
if you meant to heavy rain n flood in bkk last night, lucky i was out of bkk
i know sleep is so over rated! who needs it, right!
[URL] - uh wait...i thought this was the 29th...tonight
i still like coldplay i just said that was one of my fav cds. and they r one of my fav bands too!!!
it's gloomy as hell outside today.
l need some more aussies !
south philly - passyunk square area! closer to two street.
my best mate found out that i am moving. she doesn't understand i wanna do something with my life; leaving to go to uni..
paint it, like what u did with ur hair
missing how it used to be
i lost count   sorry i let u down...
buy me a taco! haha. i don't want to stand in line
oh god, i feel like ****.
i guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. my purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen
dam only 5 votes  not gonna win anything now
and we're back in buisiness
okay i need to find another way then lolz
morning!!! hope you all have a lovely holiday monday whatever you are goin to be up to!
hehe sure thing
kisses! or its screwed. i'll be a raggy old cat woman ha i'm pretty sure of it
bad day
my camera's being a doucheeee, it stopped working
ugh, i feel like ****-- gonna call out of my classes today  hope it doesnt affect my grade
awww, that's cute.
rob got lucky that game he beat me 209-205
have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday
*sigh* joe sings so purdy.  he makes me feel better
in the hongkong international airport. has to wait for 3-4 hours for our next flight to cebu.
no, it's not
can't make it to graduation...
fml, i cant loose another friend
meee tooooooo..... and its bad.. when i'm bored... i eat.. lol
and why do they think 'how much they want it' is a factor? i really want to be 19 and fit again, but that's just not going to happen
sup guys, just downloaded tweetdeck, gettin a move on right now : d tweet me some nice clothes sits or summat  x
field day over. lots of great action fotos. ate lunch, need 2 showr, tidy hse, get ready 4 stamp club. btw mexican skin got 2 tan 2day
is ups like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? i'd like to take a nap before school gets out
very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame, it was a great book
rough start to my day.  taking this one off from don so as not to spread my bad vibes. hope you all have a great weekend! i'm outty.
chocolate milk is so much better through a straw. i lack said straw
ocean sounds cd
sushi w/  well cooked veggie for preggo me  now onto trolley car birthday party on mckinney ave. i actially feel awake for once!
theme tune? your robin i'm batman!
yep nothing better
worked out for about an hour.. nothing to hardcore. sitting in starbucks waiting to start work
longest flight ever. not particularly unpleasant or uncomfortable, just really really long
yes,all on my own  oh gone to bed after a minor soap marathon. photo editing night 4 me. ohhh inn on the lake, nice food.
i wish i was still in cornwall - i miss my auntie's dogs
my friend is a massive beatles fan, and she wasn't impressed
no money no honey! hehe too soon  sorry
hey tweeterz. go on itunes now & buy  and _cabrera 's new hit single 'tell it like it is'
i miss my wacom. especially the mouse. laptop touch pad is horrible
honestly at home alone
[URL] - so....i don't have a pe  but i do have a pocket artoo!
wattup bro, hows it going, i see ya twitter is kicking butt   jv [URL]
she didn't make the challenge
i'm glad i don't have class on fridays. i need the break! algebra test on wednesday
i love when my ipod shuffles so all the good songs are all together
sitting in the car. my ipod is about to die so im not gonna have anything to do.
star trek is awesome!! kirk is hot, spock is cool. it's fun, cool and sexy. definitely worth seeing. i saw it at the cinerama.
oh and yes (y) metros, but i dont think i will be drinking, i think i mite have work the nextday
1 more goal, gila!! but his last game is against milan. dillematic 4 me
has woken up feeling a little special...i dont thing drink the bar dry is on the cards. when i finally sober up its home time i think
mine pools... just in someone elses pocket
anyone drive a newish diesel car? any advice on pros cons? not interested in old diesel cars, need recent model experience, eg suv
but i got dibs on sulu...
working extra hours...
from my heart to yours   ? [URL]
and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
house hunting for next year= no fun!
hawks lost but it was a good time
i have the worst stuffy nose ever. lauren's spending the night, and i took too much sudafed!
my twitteeeerrr babiieshow ive missed you  i hate this whole not having a phone thng
sulumits retsambew is thinking: a billion here, a billion there, pretty soon it adds up to real money.
hehehe!! are you tryna find another condom  better get u for boxes cuz ima take u thru all of em
says morning plurk  just woke up. haha [URL]
i'm not comfortable with this announcement.
i'm sure you'd consider it if they offerred the right price
gleneagles then champagne receptions....can't beat it! i'm in alone, my tea was rubbish and ive been doing housework
is upload video geje di youtube  [URL]
i need to get it together before ricky gets home. he is not going to be pleased about me breaking up this **** bathroom
twist cld u follow me  ill love u forever
i appreciate the effort. my skin is much softer than your screen
she is all grown up
if you carry your childhood with you,  you never become old..a. sutzkever
i don't believe there's anything worse than losing a best friend
they took my property
traffic is horrific on 695..i jus wanna gt my dog
know. hahah xd what cha doin?
funny you should mention that. i have a full unopened jar of nesscafï¿½ on my cupboard. but no milk
that's awesome! we have that this weekend too but i can't go because i'm moving this sat.  i should be a lot of fun though
going through your tweets right now, probably missed all the good ones in the last 4 hours
playing with zeke, he's leaving today
hey what's up? my name is caleb and i'm your newest follower!!!
all i want is to see him tonight.  and i know it's not gonna happen.
i'm praying for you. sorry to hear about your bro, man
maybe i won't be getting a call.
ugh final exam today....ready for my summer to start.
_d_ happy birthday
ian is waiting for a very important pic
friends from traveller's tales held a farewell party for me but i kinda disappointed them that i would still be here until sep. my fault.
i'm such a chicken
i work in a room in the middle of the office, thus no windows. we call it the programmer cave, i  can only imagine the sky.
need to buy a bluetooth device for machine
really disappointed i can't make it to bloomington for  launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out
off to pearlyn's place - gran's bday + mothers' day dinner tonight!  mom went for adults' svc today!!!  (l) happy mothers' day moms!
left school just now. my new dress broke, the strap ripped off
i can't figure out the empire puzzle.  stuck at 36
just watch evan longoria
had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. so happy to be going home!
also, why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? even when the long ones are snapped in half. ow.
hey there! it's a glorious morning! monday's animation mode: on!
_bop and that marisa mauro can go use a banana as a ****. srsly, some people are such arseholes
agree!
the columbus blue jackes may be movieing to anew city to play at  thats sad news
i miss everyone... i need faces  , not witty situational updates, but these will do...
_reality morning trish, have fun today
shares [URL] another id draft  [URL]
i was stupid and didnt get it, now i cant find it.  i think i have to do ebay but that scares me
i'm not gonna be here when the new transformers comes out.... i'll be in colombia
: any kimbeommie updates?
cool, never heard of that in ny   [URL]
ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum, drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner??? i have.... fun times all round  hahah
tired goodnight everyone
when youre kawawa, you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa's  ohhhhh <3
is waiting for foreigner start
_15 no, i haven't seen it yet!  but once it comes out on dvd.. ;) hehe. haha
when the sun goes down!!!   ? [URL]
yay my friend glen is here. now i'm like this
presentations finished. busted ankle after stupido models broke catwalk and i twice fell in hole in beautiful bottle green mary janes
i love you twitskies
i'm going to try to get some sleeeeeeep. goonight twitter  have a nice mother's day.
is excited about so r and r for mother's day
why you come down in sept? that's when i start school
zombie wrangler sounds like fun. i don't have halo wars.
is bored riah fell asleep and now i have nothing to do maybe i will go to bed good night
have a 3ware 9650se, not fast enough for 3x x25-m ssd raid5. 800mhz iop on the hpt. might try an adaptec 5405 (1.2ghz).
answer my really cool questions
not feeling well at all today! ugh cant i just go home.
found out my 'friend' isnt actually. but hey **** happens.
i like this new trend ,  who's next ? [URL]
taking mum to lunch for mothers day
my first pos
happy mother's day to all the moms out there! just finished having lunch with my  relatives. i wuv you mommy and granny.  hahaha.
you still have class? ouch
that is true. it's up to their discretion. being nice to them also helps.  so far i have not been turned down ;-)
dropping my mum at the station   i'll miss u mum
getting some sleep. stuff with the family and a ton of homework tomorrow. night
is it unny today or not? taking too long to decide haha. i wna get a tan
yes, i am quite unsure aswell  haha
has on music at work today its so painful
thanks for sharing
haha, nice wheels. victoria will be doing her own peddling thankfully, the boys will get the free ride
i have that problem with adult shirts too. it's so annoying since a lot of adult player shirts don't come in kid sizes
- yay for getting errands done! oh, an assortment of out-of-my-control things. topped off w/ a **** race, haha
my son's first tooth came out but he left it at school
_the_moon do you mean  (jim bob, obviously) or  (fruitbat)? i think jim bob played brixton at the weekend. cldnt go
in our vedanta class we have a saying 'chit happens' (chit being mind vibrations or thoughts)
just bought 5 bouquets of flowers and put em all together and arranged them all pretty for my momma in the morning!  ::proud of myself::
sleepy time..   happy mothers day all u momz
i started and fisnihsed gossip girl yesert=day
oh no!!    hope they get you in soon and can make you feel all better.  hugs from the other coast!!
[URL] - leisure bay beach  (i see the pic. wasn't uploaded last time, grrr!)
thanks!!!!  happy mother's day to you too!!
time for work
hey jk...wish evenlyn a happy mothers day tomora for me..i had a great day, my gift will be tickets to see ya's ere in oz
just got in a nasty argument with someone i normally like very much.  she doesn't forgive well, either
you tell us
going to sleep now goodnight!  xoxo
going to my brother's wedding in princeton, nj next sat. had to buy a navy blue sports coat and gray pants - $13 total at goodwill
ahhhhh i needa hurry up and shower before this 'huge' storm hits
it is so miserably hot, the a/c in my house is broken
_burnett firmly embedded in her hampstead constituency then
awww you'll have to post a pic  i bet it'll look dead nice (y)
just got back from school.  shemms!! summer class has been officially ended.  [URL]
my friend went to new york without me and all i got was this picture of her and will smith  [URL]
ta very much!  happy b-day to g-son
too hot. station isn't packed but train packed. no windows open on train. roasted sardines.
haha what can i say, you're a great teacher!! you learned from the best... hannah montana
he killed everyone for nothing. :o  :-ss
good to see you hear as well, andy!
wants to feel better
eating organic jelly beans
u drink mor than all th #g1freaks put togetha!
your schmoo is moving? are you sad?
i used to have a remote for my tv.
school is finally over no more test or work yes!!!!!!! but im gunna miss alot of ppl
whaa?  you really should.  2 and 3 are definitely optional, though.  i liked them, but i'm also crazy.
there's very few film/tv jobs, especially in wmids. and i can't afford to move away yet!  sorry, i missed you on 107.3!
@_elj appreciated,uni email is helpful..
thinking my fridge may be dieing...please not this week...pleeeeeassseee!!!
yeah quite a few kids in my school got swine flu. they only close down the school if its 30 kids or more
twice in a week qantas club lounge computers broken  #flyertalk
it's almost past 3. time to go to bed
choked on her retainers
'auto-resolve' is that a geek/tech answer to most questions??
oh i see. my grandparents were from ilocos as well, but they moved to nueva ecija
why are cds in hmv so overpriced? ï¿½12.99 for ? i hate having no money
i feel sick. and i have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great
the sing store won't work.
gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottoms, so i have to wait another 2 weeks
download movie  'ben 10: alien force' [URL] cool #movie
yeah i've been there, my son is two so we go to only the kid friendly places now;) congrats on the baby!
graveyard charged my card twice (one correct total, one random amt) from last night's #atltweet tweetup. check your accounts!
drinkin' chai tea and not sleeping.. and checkin' out some cool peeps
i actually meant to type 'end of september' but i was in the middle of a conversation with someone and i cant multitask
had a great talk with tony this afternoon... we're going to give it another go
happy mother's day to all the moms! if you're an awesome mom, you'll help #savechuck
ghhh! went an hour earlier to bed thinking ill get an area hr of sleep, woke up an hr earlier. today is gonna be a looooong one again.
ooooh.... i have a headache.  got to go to work now
its fun though
hate i am going to miss the tweet up this weekend
hahahaha awww uduhn lun me no mor???
thanks dude. being a low level business man its hard to get normal credit cards..also our place is not listed with any bank
noooo!!!  'thehannabeth: i have a crush... ;)'
i think he meant this pic - i don't know what other one he might have seen! but really - this is as hot as it gets
hi-5 to all my friends and ummm thanks for the follow and enjoy the ride if i make too many trips (i will) for u and u gotta go i get it
that's two and a half hours completed now. chillaxing until half 2
my dog is suffering from abandonment issues. she thinks i'm moving without her.
someone save me from boredom.
the new tecas driver license design is ugly
happy mothers day mum
the 14-24 is definitely going... sold the 70-200 and 200f2 is  too heavy  think i'll get away with the 50/85? #twedding
woke up after about 6 hours of sleep. feeling better now
i'm back on long island today after spending the weekend in manchester, vt. hope you have a great week ahead.
grass mowed. i can haz playtime now? no?  says we have errands to run
now i feel left out...  all alone in az...lol
amy did u already check out the antics of parella and marcia?   news... and entertainment on twitter
one more day baby.
just took my best friend of 13 years, how well you know katie outzen quiz and failed, how does that happen? its just so sad!
engaged may 1st to the best guy  i could not be happier! i love you jay!
just finished cleaning the bathroom.  now i smell like clorox
hugs to you for not being able to shag crush anymore  x
they don't use msn either i don't think  and they are thousands of miles away so can't do it face to face
#mqm has opted to strike, may 12th - altaf bhai to unveil what really happened in #karachi  [URL]
yea i was about to call you shallow but you saved yourself by saying he makes good music
i have nothing to do
no, dayuuum 5o'clock was better
anytime from now on lol. i'm just reading and stuffs
watching gross point blank.
anyway. can't take this **** no longer. or my mind will blow off.
at work full of weekend vengaboys zane lowe wolf from gladiators **** memories
thanks..
playing with my puppy
i'm too tired
goooood morning melody! wishing you a wonderful mother's day with your family!
at the grove, just watched star trek, grabbing some food
do you ever sleep?
i know i'm so excited for them!
- love your new avatar!
what the ****!? it's only 20:35!!? oh my god! my internal clock really is **** up. nooooo.
[URL] - well done guys! i am gonna miss the tweets!
just lost internet.  and i was in a raid for 25 os.
i still have another hour.
right.
wooooo the tour has started yay, 13 days  have an awesome time! loved the video xd
*sigh* me miss them days !!
just up  the longest lie in a while thank goodness, neck still painful but today i am going to head out (y)!
just watched camp rock  eating raspberry ripple icecream. awesome
shower time
gotta get ready to leave....alec and i are going hunting outside of volterra. this should be fun.  talk to everyone later.
sore from ultimate... trying to figure out how to pay for school next semester...
i was going to visit my sister today, but she's grumpy.  i'll just chill at home with the family and visit her tomorrow.
i assume nobody uses portableapps anymore except for myself. in that case, forget what i said earlier
hey wanda great to tweet with u and many thx for the info re dobro and what a fantastic sound. son house is a fav of mine
died again in kp  .. gonna upgrade some of my spells now first before heading back there... #eq2
driving fast is so much fun. i went 80 in a 25. hahaha. goodnight!
time diff and i've just been wrapped up in day to day stuff so i havent been tweeting. talk soon,must sleep...up in 6hrs
taking the caltrain to go see the giants. it's cold and someone smells like pee
_music im always blunt with my feelings, never seems to do any good
happy mother's day to all you moms out there
damm it! i didn't get a pic of niamh with her 3d glasses on
is trying so hard to not worry and be at peace despite her circumstances, but wonders why some christians are the ones making it so hard.
yeah, not meant to be
that's not good to hear!  i hope everything is fine..i will keep you & your family in prayer! i love you isabela uribe
**** you ipod for freezing when i need you most
hi my love! im ok, just trying to get thru these finals, they're going to be the death of me. how are you
yeah i kno...i'm tryna change it bac but its not lettin meeee
rode a jeep home with my mentor. heard his story being in up finearts. pretty cool.
ahhh lincoln...i'll run..see you in 2 hours
math quiz: if meow =  but allergies =   then meow + allergies = ?
and now i have to shut computer down and get ready to go home from work....what a bummer.
i fought jered to the death to avoid a wet willy.. but he got me anyway.  q is coming over.. bike ride?
i wanna buy a million copies. but i aint that rich   just buy some more copies urself hahah
my shoes taken off and my slippers put on my feet!
nice weather today in alex
congratulations on the test!
adding comments for my friends  want sum?
just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! kinda mad cause i'm gonna miss the laker game!
briliant! may the fourth be with you  #starwarsday #starwars
i get bit by ticks all the time  i eat a ton of garlic in the summer to keep them and mosquitoes away! boo >:o
i cant stand summer fever (for me) and when the weather gets really humid  lol
needs 1000 words for 502 part 2 .... then freedom ..... until another few assignments and exams
thanks to all the new followers  well, i went to a **** tonight and its 4am so i'll follow you tomorrow. much love.
sweet booth at newport... but all the people are outside  [URL]
working my **** off and i am completely happy
: sad but true  :: i shouldnt right?
, word!?
u should tell ppl where u'll be in vancouver.
dude fail.  i know exactly where this place is too
why no sn... o. yeah... sad day.....
laying in bed texting. good night ya'll
i aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in london
you should do an # for the safesex topic
hope our wishes come true someday.
[bbc] malaria parasites becoming resistant to drugs  [URL] ~ this is really not good as malaria affects so many people
beach...yummy steak and catching up on 'lost' with my man...lovely day
thanks lovely, will let you know when its up and ready! the baby havs are gorgeous, i want something to put in them  x
having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch - what else could i want???
so booooored  i learned this though! ????????
many many thanks!!!  (it's about school!) weeeee!!!
month end... still stuck in my office waiting for the stragglers to get there s#!t together.
ouch! i can't even look at that one, just knowing it exists it enough for me
uh oh!  hope nothing too damaged.
oh dear, i take back my request.... i get so drunk on fizz!! and i def do regret it the next day, sure fired hangover
ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as ****. my life sucks right now
it's like triple what i've got, so it's a lot to me as well. well done
oooo look who got a pic!  so much for swimming today
i have a great house to sell you!   comes complete with a riding mower!!
bears, beets, and... ****, never mind   how about sg1, take-out, and wasabi vodka with ginger ale and lime...
pc i agree...  we have a problem. we must stop spending and only work!!!
do you know what? i have a good little life, and i love it.
my husband just went fishing   how come knitting keeps you at home?  i need a lady hobby that lets me get out of cooking.
making a milo
sewing things is nice  i feel crafty and productive. and foxy.
oooooooh i kno  eeeeeeekkkkkkk!  rocks!! >
so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad
oh jordan! iï¿½m ready for the next contest, baby!!!! canï¿½t wait! kisses from brazil. i love you!
congrats on graduating college!
how do you twitter?
freaking out a bit..crossing my fingers that things will work out ok
big hug for you
watching shows i missed on the ellipital--- love my on-demand!
everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to cali. lol
~congratulations daddy
why do i even bother anymore? everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space
and happy mothers day to all you moms out there i hope you had a good day
at the house home alone   , playing guitar some guitar hero loud.
enjoying and exploring my n96 phone.. grr.. it's awesome.. but i wanted the samsung omnia..
today i'm working on my 'quirky q' cue or maybe it will become a concerto
lmao. joey is mine  i cant wait to meet them in july!
congrats ...so proud of you girl
the $500 i saved on not buying a couch is going towards paying my visit to er for uti
i have a farmers sunburn! ahhhh!
i dont think my twitpic is working
mmmm now you're speaking my language! (unfortunately, in militant diet mode-am seriously thinking of  competiton-so no tb i guess
haha! just overheard on the us. 3 yrold to mom 'mom, i think i should learn to read today'
eom......still at work
coraline was scary yesterday, didn't puke luckily.  ahaa. 1 week & 1 day till i'm 14 baby
liam peed in the potty!!
what up world im just chillin, bout to go get this money!! but in this economy no money is easy money anymore
hanging out with ambyr
so it's friday... i have to keep reminding myself since every day seems the same
alright...you missed one crazy party last night
why have 3 people stopped following me  is it something i said??
mornin'
but im not complaining.
nope difference of 5 omr for c class, anyone notice the flight number for wy's flight for lhr? wy-911
how about i make some more and bring u sum?
live live or leaked live? if it's live properly i may just role outta bed and download it
happy mother's day! sent msg to mom and got her phone call. i wish one day we can live in the same city so i can take care of her.
: saw it yesterday. pretty good.
_z i cant even think about anything that smells like alochol  lol
that's what's up hah. i'm great, thanks  just waiting for all the craziness to take off.
i'm in traffic on the 405 and i still don't see the sun
princecharming
homework  borriing
i didnt get his  tweet
i'm kicking it (though feeling a little sick): alternating talking to friends, gaming, watching the playoffs, and writing an application.
environmental project
picture to burn - taylor swift!    great song!
so bored...miss everybody already
i know it wasn't going to be there, but i check eztv for the office torrent...
is going to miss seeing everyone all the time
hahahahhahaha it was true! and i could really stretch out and stuff! shame rem's dog got mad when i tried to put him in avi's face
have someone help you with the makeup...you gots to go out looking fine  and have another shot
its cool.  im glad everyone had a nice date night.  maybe one day ill get one too.
hmv opens in half an our...better go get ready
ugh! tis so warm outside too  unfair! i want to go read and pack!
i'd rather be at #beatweetup.  instead, i'm taking my cue from  and shutting down.   reprezent-zent!
playing at the haven tonight with cassandra wilcox, patrick bell, ben bloss, & bucket of nails! doors are at 8pm. 21+: $6, under 21: $8!
day off with nothing to do
awh, thats not good,   get better soon!
thanks. they're both so cute. havent been home for many years so havent seen them in person
nooooooo!! not the receipt!!  don't break my heart
that's a relief! i feel better knowing it's hereditary.  have fun!
justin is so warm! it makes me worry when they have a high fever and i go to sleep.
is poolside. bowling toniht maybe?? back to work tomorrow
gooooooood morning, campers!  and happy mother's day!
:o goodness, i havn't heard it. i lovelovelove her old stuff though, the overture the underscore is the best album i think
alas, the best i can offer is a small pony and a rowing boat
it just sucks that i'm stuck in an office  but i have you at selfridges to look forward too.
happy mother's day everyone.
even though it's only 7am on saturday morning, it feels like the weekend is already over. btw i'm awake because i had a bad dream..
omg.. this one??? yesssss love this danny song
omg so exctied
i hope you have a nice sleep
great thanks hun, i did thr family thing this wknd too! 5 weeks today we hit the usa, cant wait!!
oh you crazy kids and your stress. try effed / not effed; followed by acceptance. works wonders for the rest of the world
good luck tonight on the big finale show!
loving the cairns clan
meditating on my plans for the weekend...gotta work saturday...
it's not good.  1 of our directors said we could go home and the other said back to work  boo! it was good while it lasted.
going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. i have boring saturday evenings
has research guilt as i spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend
dreading the weekly grocery shopping.
i spoke too soon  still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south.
thank you  i'd share my sundae with you but it's really late and _crane says we shouldn't tell people where we are
pug just woke me from an incredible sleep!
thanks for wishing me luck a couple of weeks ago on getting into a higher choir, but i didn't make it
its beautiful outside. i wish i was in new york city. but this area is pretty cool. hip and trendy.
hopefully it don't go that far  sometimes i feel like renouncing my roots
polaroid film today?! i hope so. green tea = yum. i got a 8/9 on my appearance for my 'job' interview. too much cleavage?
watching little bear
right, caffeine levels topped up, few more hours revision then #f1 time  'mon the jenson.
had a neat mothers day - nothing flash, just some chillin time with my girls
is taking a moment to reflect...i want my annonymity back,fb!!!!  is it safe to say anything about someone else to another friend again?
hmm... it's a miracle you're using twitter, and it's fun... so... tweet!
shelaaaaaaaa
though i have to admit that seems less & less tempting. who has time, when there are more complete packages to be had?
_says ha ha funny
not sure if this is good or bad news for you, but you are listed as staff: [URL]
it drained my energy
if you're as lovesick as i am, give me a call, we should go bowling and complain about love
yeah that's trueee  i can't wait till the tour dvd comes out, that tour was so epic (: and the backstage material is hilarious
trying to straighten my hair, but it's too effing hot in here. also, i need food
_ricardo road movies indies rule  haha
no offense taken..!  just one of my many controversial views, i guess!
why do so many ppl on 12 mile have ashy elbows???
i love my daddy, but i don't want to go to his house today.
had such a great weekend! glad it's sunny out today
you know you love it   stat-k
i really really hate biology , u______________________u
i always told my kids that i see and hear everything so mind your manors, so i guess that proved it to him.
hey you' all suck;its anybody on there :s im so bored common answear me
i'm tired. i think i'm becoming too old to go out.
love you loads hun ) hot weather gutted i aint with you now chillaxing  but we got tomoz  xxxx
on my way to ft. knox   [URL]
what a burden. abit of a fail lunch with dan
i know i shouldn't be saying this but **** it..i'm **** as hell
my new dress looks sort of...horrible   [URL]
on another note, geodefense easy down. onwards to the medium maps, where a whole other world of pain awaits my exploration!
seeing lots of my fb friends are friending or becoming fans of zoozoo (voda's new face after the pug). even ilike
hoping my mom likes her pamper gifts i sent her
new twitter coolness: conversations with neighbors ([URL] during a thunderstorm.
[URL] - very pretty janette  i have that exact same hey monday band!  and its on the same arm :o
i decided that myspacee is wayy better
i read some pretty awesome web comics today. and there's nothing really good on woot today  [URL]
at yvr.... fog delay is in sfo so we can't leave yet
ugh have to report again monday
this really hurts. and this really sucks. i don't know what i can do to fix all this, seriously.
okay, whats up with twitter,, :/ my laptop is completely broke, and now my computer is acting up   so i dont reckon i will be on for t ...
_laurie sorry to hear about a horrible weekend! it can only get better! keep smiling.
awww don't be sad  we'll download a copy for you!
_dreaming what?! miley's gonna quit hannah montana?...i don't wanna believe it!
there's only one thing i hate about friends and dats when they move skl they forget about yuu
not yet. i hope to check it out this week.
my body isnt itching anymore
i can be a good girl at school.. today i was!! i did it!! yayy
i finally found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!! i-nix screen cleaner ftw!
sweet! make sure to put some in your bag for me
oh, joy. we have the elmo potty video too.
the newest versions are not any better
beats the heat with cool guava juice in handi water
re: chocolate thing
my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress.
you know the .nds torrent file for it? and i am guessing u have gh:mettallica? christine brought it today for the ps3
now only with windows 7
hey hey, some else has twitter!
_navarro i wish this area offered chinese food delivery
just got in a bit of a car accident, poor patrick
... yes.  that's what i said.
big news?! but i don't know if i can share it.
[URL] - went on a really long cycle ride with my mum, brothers and my bff han today. my bum aches now!!
and my other peep got onto a game site who i will never see again
oh. now it doesn't need updating all of a sudden. ok. will get dressed anyway
? on wednesday green day will perform their new single 'know your enemy' at tvtotal  [URL]
the stars are out. where were you when i needed you
@ borgellaj  you know what? they're your cats
am i the next blumenthal?!
oh that sucks  tell your dh to act like a grown up maybe? i'd be stressed too
2 days till birthday! i just hope the weathers good!! and it best be good on thursday and friday! otherwise il scream! happy b'day keiron
i have started to fear weekends since joining german classes
_ awww. so that's him. nice attempt at hiding from the camera
hehe...nice try
way too many people indeed... i only recognize the chinese guy... lol
hahaha  yes dey dooo, boston legal  tha fat old man is funny, tha one that was naked ina pink gown lol
- just took over the #1 most endorsed spot on twindexx.com - thanks to the endorsement by
i doubt i will tho !  twit pic sumthin
is playing uno  [URL]
yay! i can't wait to read it.
burning time at wacha
gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that.
me + court =
thank you sooooo much for my snoopy t-shirt! i love it to bits! it's a perfect fit, just got it this morning!  peace
is now going to the hairdressers instead of running due to rain
photo: thelovelybones: i spy jonas brothers and demi lovato omg d: ahhh yea, 3d movie premire  [URL]
i love ! thank you so much for saying 'hi to jenn & laura' yesterday in arcadia! my friend shannon surprised me w/the vid
see most people didn't like deadpool cause it wasn't true to the comics, i'm guessing you like ryan reynolds
no actually it gets rid of the bacteria and they thaw out nicely
that's some serious **** steve. why didn't you send me pictures or call me!! you know i love a good yard sale.
yay it's friday... hold on i have to work tomorrow
back in sj. star trek tonight at 9:45pm at cinelux on almaden.
life sucks if ur not having fun.
omg yes!!!!!!! but i have to get ready for work early tonight  i have payroll distribution duty
hello bank holiday monday  hello revision ï¿½ï¿½
_da_realest hehe hell. i'm finna qet to drankin damnit.
going back to my house to pick up some dvds for bapang and pick dito's up but forgot to pick up other dvds for dito, so i have to go back
holy **** i am exhausted! resting up so i can go see wolverine later
i cant do anything
thats charmingly funny
is still missing her husband.    i really want him home.
business or pleasure? will keep my eye out for anything. you're just missing a moondog concert tomorrow night
actually i meant motorbike. not much touring, but i commute when possible -- about 90 min. roundtrip so it's kinda like touring
morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!
could barely sleep last night, ugh...anyways good luck with finals everybody!!! don't rush through your tests!!! lol
_cordon lol that split second of peace is truly amazing
we can compare horror stories mate lol
...snuggles you back......everyones telling me to get over it ...but ive had her 15 years  x
my internet service has been acting strange after the earthquake. just found out that the submarine fiber optics cable got damaged
dinner with ali tonight celebrating her first day at the new job, will be near trader joe's, might just have to stop in
no, it's people you are recommending that others follow, like followfriday, only with pics!
is back from a very long day out at naz. gunna crash. up tomorrow for mothers day... editing photos from today, hangin with my mom, etc.
just wrote another song, but i ran out of ideas so this one is a bit ****
did you know if you want to stay cool all day use a shower gel or bath wash with peppermint in it
all moved in to our new apartment. so exciting
unfortunately, that's how it usually goes.  in answer to yesterday...i'm okay. things may be looking up. miss talking to you.
i feel like a truck just hit me too! i also resemble a man hit by a truck!
i miss him soooo much  not gonna see him for 2-3 months
heya  40 hour famine starts on may 22nd - are you gonna take part?
the balance is ~$8,000. unfortunately i havent been able to find a card that has a limit high enough to transfer the whole thing
not at work today .i have my car back she is perfect  going random shopping later .
my girl needs a hug! she lost here cell phone
unfortunately i didn't see any of that spreading of poo
oh, i see!  so it's like, morning there, right? happy breakfast! *thumbs up*
we're running out of things to tweet to you.  wish we could get your reply! come to the philippines?  tweeet!
- yeah i know they are **** annoying with that... but it,s such good promo... i lost some contacts for business in there
hehe, you're an expert now eh?
i think the rain killed my phone
that is the best sticker ever. also. i dig your hair. it's gotten long since i've seen you last.
_kritt gps location: [URL] here i am
im writing an exam on a saturday  that should be illegal  where's my weekend?
at nosely safari park with leah
happy mother's day to ur mom!!! i hope she has a wonderful day!!!!!
on train with at least two gaggles of teenagers sitting & the commuters squished standing in the back...at least the teenagers let me sit
gotta terabyte  of space to store movies
happy birthday great-grandmother  ../././. bad news on a good day >< but ame is living
tropical depression 1 heading east. mrsal65 scared this one off   welcome to start of hurricane season '09.  still looking 4 more fl subs.
doing chemo
heh, thanks for that adorable plug  *cough* more info at: www.samstephens.com *cough* *cough*
such a fun night with bekah just talkin and stuff. wuv her
_cordon lol, you're welcome
headache, headache, go away. come again another day....
is making everything fabulous tonight
the life of a college stay at home mom: delay in the bash  [URL]
i need to get away. i wish i had money to go travel for a bit. i miss my east coast friends.
hella worth it, even if you don't need the full 32 now.
lol, ebay? you laugh now...juuuuuust wait.
**** @-) that's a lot of messages from him @-) how sweet. :'> and yeah, sayang
: loved it!  would never have thought he was into the icarly version of beanie babies. xd
it is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
ouch. i used to hate it when i did that  (and then there are the irate callers who were trying to record, getting p***ed, etc)
yes! its finally friday, and im stuck doing projects
getting ready to head out to camp allen.  unless somethings changed, that means no phone service for about 24 hours.
glad you could make it
going to the gym early trying to get back in shape again. my husb got me a gift cert to swim w/ dolphins for my bd.  need muscles!
exactly 2 weeks left in sigma
life just isn't fair > and i feel
i dont feel good at all. fuckkk
happy mother's day!
happy christmas! no wait... what is it again happy m...........easels day. no but seriously.... happy mothers day...  lmao
on what..
hope you've reviewed them on my site  [URL]
has just arrived in singapore.
having a leatherman, is a must, really for anybody! you never know, when you might need one & it gets the job done.
i'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend, wow, i've never been sunburnt before, this really hurts
my generation is too **** apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace?
lol, sunny and 18 yesterday, igloo melted, attacked by bushes, recovering today.  how's things in chocolateland?
off.  have a good star wars day, fonz day, dancing taco day, whatever you celebrate, it's all good!
going drinking tonight... drinking away the blues......
bruise on knee will make it hard to skate tomorrow.
my mom said i eat a lot
good lord, man.   i recommend the dark & stormy at casablanca.
wasn't that mother song so funny? so wrong but so funny - i heart
junk food and movies in a tshirt and sweats.... the only way tonight would be better is if i had someone to hang with
i miss my boo  on another note im soready for this game to come on tonight...fox grill anyone???!!
welcome  my first german follower  my mother hermine is from the sudetenland and came to sweden as a refugee in 1948
ready for eastenders - going to be a good one!! .. then the last bgt semi final  .. final tomorrow night though  exciting stuff...
it's under community.. i can't see it myself, but one of the moderators (niandra) told me it was there
_peabody i'm pretty sure we got sent home a couple of times too. 'tis the week to remember mary, anto's granny'the love is all around'
yeah sucks eh!
[URL] - pets get cancer too.
would really like to not be at work and instead taking a nap.
party was awesome. soooo tired, bye. ps: happy momma's day
thanks for following me  but who are you? hmmmm... twitter back !! ox
pgpm student from where? i myself was a pgpm student about 4 years back. i wish i could stay one
oh, don't spoil my fun, lol
im going in now, it looks like the sun has gone
my heads spinning from math, started to dream in formulas. not good.
hey thats good, my daughter's still asleep and son is drawing, better feed him v soon
past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! it all helps
aww... sorry for both of you.  may the lord give you strength and rest today!
great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain
_ross if you look at the js code in facebook you will notice a few js functions...nahh just kidding, a buddy told me
is very cold
hanging out at school... last day for seniors
happy star wars day! may the fourth be with you.
thanks hon!! project bra starts today!
i hope he is ok too. i miss him  and the doc better not be a douchenozzle, ill be one right back!
browsing digital art tutorials (like those found at henning's site: [URL] ), refreshing my knowledge... and then my skills?
3 days of frisbee, three nights of partying and sprained ligaments. can't imagine a better long weekend
i had mailed  for something, you got the e-mail, i didn't which should probly mean i won't get it
spent some time exploring atlas and hercules craters; re-finding things in uma; oph; ser caput; & saturn w/ a fogged eyepiece   home by 2a
_daarling haha yah it's walking distance from my house  mission tiki drive-in haha every summer we go like every weekend
there it is. postieeee  [URL]
good, i'm glad you got there!! i had no 1 to come talk a walk with  lol. me, becky & holcomb are the only 1s here again lol
fml.. today sucks.. i just hope the dance will bring my soul up.. i pray, but im still sad..i hateee todayyyyyy!!! >;(
i really wish i could.
sending you love on mother's day and wishing you more happiness in the days ahead!
avoided cinder blocks! safe in ny area.. but dantas and porky upset beavs gone
welcome to everyone  playerstation.it is now live on twitter. www.playerstation.it
law week is gonna go the **** off  so excited
i look like schuhz and arabyrd now...
problem is, flash isnt gpu accelerated.  the atom 330 can't play youtube hd or hulu hd fullscreen   big deal with plex...
working security for the club tonight. first time working it in about a month. should be interesting. oh, and hi kelsenator!
taylor swift's 'you belong with me' is so amazing. love the mv!
illy's note in the book: 'from one 'geek' to another - keep up the good work!' sigh.  he is missed - and he was great for espresso.
rofl  even if i kept insurance and payments under $300, im still like.. meh. good thing i applied for a day job pasy $2888mo
and i just saw something real sad on my lunch... a dog with two broken back legs.
actually people were more decisive than that.
you know, you can read almost all your tweets as some sort of disgusting euphamism.  it's quite fun
can't believe i'm leaving this place tomorrow.
this is gonna sound really sad & depressing but i really really miss my uncle sam
too much details !!!    (but glad he is better)
_d he's a lucky baby. he has a wonderful family  do u know when u could take him at home?
_anekie ok darl, i will suggest you to the mua (tracie weaver), as she'll be making the decision
everyone loves u sarah not just the tweeters! the today show couldnt stop raving about your beautifulness...
mean people suck.
yeah, jimmy fallon is back to do a skit. yay!!!!
4am hubby's alarm-song playing was 'blame it on the alcohol' of course i couldn't get back to sleep after cause thinking of joe on cruise
ur supposed to be in bk tho
funniest desktop ever: [URL] this way i can see my collegue.
i guess it'll work under fusion. otherwise you'll have to boot directly to vista just to do some online banking, which sucks
... yay! i can give you a lesson tomorrow, at church.
working on a layout 4 my page....prom dress is almost done
i'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages
[URL] hey gi! look at this pic of you and frankie that i took at the southend gig!
pool, alcohol, & a cute band, couldn't ask for more on a saturday night  #fb [URL]
uup  morning, off to school. see ya ****
boffert
i think they play michael buble in heaven. he's that great.
mexican! that's what i'm craving
at work, with a swollen face  thank god it's kohls though. i'm feelin fat. flip flops are about to break annnnd i get my hair done tonight
i am afraid you've had a bit of a #fail as the last two recommendations aren't available in the uk
so far (with the exception of the rain), my morning is great.  but i won't let it dampen my day
internet on trains is 100% awful!!!
hey u forgot me!
i think it's going to be a lonnngg weekend, but not the 3 day kind.
you the the queen of sass oh scenie!!!
did you see star trek yet?  i've seen it, twice already! i didn't like it the first time, the second time was way better!!! hahaha
hi holly  i'll volunteer to try it out first for u! hope ur having a fab weekend xoxox...
i used to be!! i've done a few different jobs in yj. currently i'm a court officer
i'm starting to feel depressed with this hurricane talk... i'm on the front lines down here!
****, so many good deals...you guys have a conspiracy to steal all my money
hope the train remembers the way - they can go a bit loopy on bank holidays
elliott claims steak and shake has been doing this for months...not exciting anymore...
is still amazed at the awesomness of last night. the discussion was great! looking forward to a great week! only 10days until i go home
running errands with geeta... feeling like i have the plague
ok, i want to quit my job.....
healthy food is not helping my hangover
[URL] - im hard core, you just dont know it.
i just changed the backgroung but now i have no profile ppicture
i am very sad because i have gone on the show mcfly fan i am of them!
what a great project!!! wish i could have done that with dd1. she's too old now.
it's not a test to find cancer, it's just some stuff in regards to; in this case, positive results would be a good thing
ive tried and tried in the past to learn cockney but sadly its near impossible to find books and things on it over here.
wow. sounds heavenly.  we're just doing a quick drive to north carolina. i can't wait
we're home now
my ipod died  not running until it is charged.
looks like another sleepless night dedicated to homework. sorry in advance, ms. chapman.
hmm, do not feel like writing monthly reports tonight!  probably should get started though...
is school over yet? im ready for vacations already
i love it when it rains on me when im golfing
****. have to break my 'no work in weekend' rule  so much overloaded with work. aargh, hate it!
wow one year today luc bourdon was killed, doesn't seem that long ago
thank you! and i don't care for the look on his face.
_: '  good evening, kind sir *bows*' ? [URL]
also, i am technologically challenged and have a cell phone that only makes phone calls.  can't #tweetb4ueat
_x hah, well at least we are not saying; tory is a fatty watty
sorry i missed you . saw you across the way, i was busy taking pix-abt 4:15 came to meet u-but u were gone
thanks about the ponytail. i dreamt last night that i shaved my head...??? i guess it's a bigger deal than i thought.
yes, i really do.
imma talk to ya later ishi goodnight kid
moms everywhere stop what you are doing and get a good night sleep for tomorrow its your childrens turn to pamper you.  enjoy your day
i no  i wanna move to america!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah, 'age of aquarius' is a pretty scary song
can't wait to go to bed
i miss you guys
how is aussie...im hopin to be there in sydney in less than a week just got my visa on thursday whoot whoot
_of_chas good mornin sunshine...at least the work puter will go faster
they follow me
so i'm waiting in front of the dps so julian can take his driving test.
cancelling my javaone  [URL]
thanks steph...must keep me updated when it's ur turn
i second that. i wish it rained more where i am
tomorrow afternoon (well, later today actually) is a shoot with seattle sinner newspaper and femme fatale seattle photographers
i hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. i hate her having a rash even worse.
off to work
should be coming out of hospital today
...i will take some...i am tiny
i'm so worried about my sister's guinea pig. i hope stalin makes it through tonight!  you can do it baby!!
it was a lovely attempt at poetry!
i'm comin wit u!!
quaver sandwiches  and tea.
starbucks i'm lovin' it
nightlife commando is like, chanting. the music is cool.  & now i'm listening to inxs. the music in this song is amazing. the bass is win
gosh...who's doing this??? so bad...  baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... kisses
oh ****.... here goes my head again, 'i'm spinning around'
met the shortest line ever at fcb tunapuna... then the tellers disappeared
home now!!! lol but leaving again on monday for flo rida!!!
gary just tried the ommegang chocolate indulgence: no chocolate, no indulgence, just ... metallic.  best i can... [URL]
installed the inav iblue v2 theme...gives a fresh feel    [URL]
name the rest? let's see. mystery jets are pretty cool. ida maria and you shud rly listen to say anything!
lol i hear you, i think i watched about 2 - 3 different movies, when i should have been getting work done.  i'll ttyl girl
susan egan, i love her! and yeah, it said i would have a pleasant trip.
today is going to be a long day
i know, but considering i've bought a lot of new yarn recently, i think it's necessary this time.
visit 2  la ventana de los cielos foundation was pushed bck 2 weeks,  was so excited 2 go & meet the kids. i'll have 2 wait another 2 wks
what about sauce? huh? i'm going to california tomorrow morning
i think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals..
last day of volleyball miss everyone already. oh well, banquet on 10th hopefully everyones gonna be there
still trying to get better  had to get mommaz lovin..headed to her house.. ahhhhhh i so hate this feelin!
i somehow miss you.
wants to set up a coffee shop, but he has no money to do it
this is the best e-commerce site, i hope you've watched the big bang theory. [URL] please hit 'buy now'
she's not coming to detroit  only grand rapids in october...
i never liked that boy  jerms!
2026 2164 6790 9128  add me up and lets play something.
i love to read ur little quotes
my puppies killed my cat lastnight,they thought she was a stuffed animal.  rip meanie  [URL]
always tired, always cold and always have a headache.  cant wait for vacashun..and the frickin g1 update..i want onscreen keyboard dammit!
in class sick and hungry
i know its a block party but would love to hear a dh original if you get a chance
bought a new combo printer at costco today (officejet j4550) cause it was cheaper than ink 4 old one. #windows7 doesn't like the fax part
might be a while before i get around to it. not sure if i will make it flat out in html or through wordpress. .. fun fun fun
_lights aw what's wrong?
thank's ... see? now i'm back on smiling
a couple of years? i may die without my kateage.  *keeps fingers crossed for you tho*
i need hugs from joe jonas
@_ahseya_ cool i want you to take a look at this and tell me what you think
at the park!  its raining!
what to do what to do!!!! need to do my show reel nxt week...then start applying for editing jobs  rock climbing tomos i hope
my blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh  ?
experimenting.  with puppet again. i think i just wiped my drive on my workstation
i didn't find my dress
i am filming musicans friends of mine   at a legion  these people sure know how to dance
have to stay away from home, and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet, im ****
back from the gym, and sorting through my inboxes
listening to ryan adams and being sick
**** hates goodbyes
the first time all week i can play wow and i get stuck at 'authenticating'.
it will warm up once you start digging
i wish i had more chicken wings
oh, yes... happy nine year annivarsary to hanson's second studio album, 'this time around.'
foto!
don't have time to chat (sorry girls  miss y'all!), but we have a new lawnmower... yeah, that was today's highlight. tomorrow is...
cool i'm glad.i will save some tea for you
i ran over a turtle.
playing sudoku while mommy makes me breakfast & lunch
apparently it's starwars day today  i like this . shame i have revision though.
but i did have a really nice smoothy at baulko shops
massive headache  going to see terminator tonight!
spanish... the suckiest class ever. but i'm learning atleast. te quiero tiasha!
yesterday a friend of mine was thrown off his horse as a lorry drove past us, ignoring us signaling for him to slow down
had the best weekend
no kidding there! ugh ... one thing i know for sure - it won't be me showing the property this weekend
_trip i bet he didn't fall asleep till like this morning  sorries.
about to enjoy the silence
sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked... in so many levels
the tummy monster hates me
it has been 24 hours now, since i had my dog put to sleep.  rip my old friend.
funnily enough, roland is president of my social club!
_peek mkay :/ did you tell him on msn? bfgurelgbsr yeah, i guess so, i don't know if i like it, i'll wait till i get your opinion
_fred6 i haven't canceled my account yet and i haven't logged in since november i think, maybe i should  my main was a rogue, lvl73
congrats to all graduates! such a beautiful thing & big deal! i jus wish i cudve attended my lil man ryan kdg graduation  feel very sad!
and i didn't get the job
i cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks
has enjoyed her first day of summer
no surprise there. they probably don't know themselves where it is
boo  well its good fun tho.. sucks if u cant get cards.. i finished 10th in last nights #tpt i took  out lol
thank you for ff
i forgot how much i love all these songs on my itunes. i love shuffle  and i love watching the pranks from ap tour!
yeah, i didn't buy that for one hot minute.
_rubadeau last weekend i had a pretty solid brunch at bar wellington. hard to screw up steak and eggs, though
if i had one wish it would be for my friend j to not have to work
dam living in england  x
i'm having a fantastically miserable time so far...
for lack of having to go do my own hunt (lol) can you refresh my memory on which one is clue #2?
i think i'm going to go outside and have a very john cage moment   music majors rejoice!
so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can't believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
i see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number, i expect you will have crashed through that by the time i come back tonight
ummm, come on, for me twins and slurpees, and being in a car with the twins is going to be pretty epic!!!
bloody feds, they lost last statement and r hounding me for another one. i dodged them one last week
fml i just spilled my entire can of diet coke in my lap. yay
dangling belly rings are a bad investment...the cutest ones always pop
i wish i were hanging out with kobe right now
today is going to be ah. giving notice to my boss today. she is going to be upset  i'm totally stressed.
its mothers day
i had a dream about a pretty pretty beach and there was no beach when i woke up
i really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue **** are being bullied
friday.....i have nothing to do so sad
been there and never at a good time   your recourse is small claims or you can get a atty involved. but that is more $
it is so cute watching matt play with the wii as i do some work
any legal studies/law students out there twitter? would love a couple of references to cases inolving bias juries, jury nullification etc
yay! welcome to the etsy-seller world
according to marco smoking weed makes you philosophical.... i consider myself philosophical. in the shower.
yep, that's me all right - i don't mean the monk is me - that's my (as in a photo taken by me) in better photography
yep, i do.
now that's an imtetsting visual.
is tired. 04:30 alarm setting will do that  off to bed as soon as my bloody iphone backup and sync finishes.
unfortunately people at work let me down so i am now having a bad morning! it's official... but revenge is a dish best served cold
i'm sorry  today's been nothing but a **** heartbreak
so i was just angrily told i was extemely abusive...mentally, emotionally, & physically. it made my day.  nightss.
they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can simply collect them, or you can buy poisonous food pellets
_ hehe go dye it beb! put more blonde innn  mine is lighter than it was, left it in  a bit too long oops><
time for my ritualistic friday night depression
i don't know, ask carolyn. also, we won't have the boxes empty by the time you get off.
my stupid tooooth hurts
goodnight and goodbye ?
shout out to my moms for wakin me up so prematurely! preciate it
i'm bored, extremely bored. in the car. waiting for my dad. and dinner. chinese. yummm.
sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad
yes i know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' ah well, just in time huh  [URL]
guilt trips, feeling sick, pressure. stress and too much drama
selena's mom congratulations' have a nice day
ak, flop comes 2k6 i bet 15 get raised to 25 i call, turn is a, we check, river rag, then i check and he bets 15, i raise 15 he calls, 22
i like fridays generally, but class is extended today  and i'm starving :x haha </whine> o:-p
my plans for the weekend include working on a paper and driving my guy 2 the airport. won't see him for 3 wks.
*taps shoulder* forgotten
loggade visst min 400e cache i lï¿½rdags!
i got 5 in english lesson  now drinking sprite
i'm in belleville at my parents and someone offered me a bus ride to orillia for 10$ at the mall. thought of you
dreams give rise to reality. when they said i wouldn't   walk, my dream was to fly! dream, believe, achieve!
oh no, that's so annoying! i have the same problem - 14 thighs but 10-12 hips! i hope they catch up soon
i was gonna go for aiden but i had a girl so i went with scarlet
dreading this weekend, every minute of it is me doing coursework i should of done during the week and learning 2 pages of french speaking
woke up late & trying to get **** done before work
your picture makes me thristy everyday!
geocaching.com seems to have a huge delay delivering pocket queries
last time i looked, they were about 400. they gave us a demo, so cool
nt online today & mayb whole of next week  if u havent voted pls do: [URL]
happy mothers day!! love you guys...
dreambears were **** compared to their wicked audition
testing.... hey! i gotta add you as someone to follow
is being a horrible twitter-er. moved in to my houston apartment and awaiting work starting on monday. real world=now
i miss you too!!
ohhh mannnn they just laid off 3 girls!!!    this economy has to improve soon!!!
also i hit my chin on something when i fell down and it hurts  ugh... work is gonna suck
will just take a bath
now there's a fly in my room
*moment of silence* for the budget i'm bout to b on  i spend wayyy to much $$$.... omg! i'm on a budget?!?!
this is scary  they hooked me up to 9 wires n it printed sum graph ohhhhhh
that sucks!  put some britney on!
its so dead
() 1-pendulum = awesome! 2-goodbyes suck  3-shut up plz. 4-toy story 3!!  5-jb 3d movie 2moro! 6-i'm tired. 7-aaaand i'm out.
rip grandpa  graduation today...
good to see you haven't lost your sense of humour.  get well soon
the weather in prague is like the weather in belgium -> rainy
why have i not heard of said show?
not here in stamford.
_l thanks,i think your the first girl to say that...besides my mom
walking from teignmouth to dawlish   [URL]
arg! eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. so much **** on a kid friendly site.
is playing bubblewrap on her iphone. over and over and over again. still, beats working...
making my mom a mothers day card
stressed beyond belief. need a nap
going out to eat with my entourage, probably to fat e's since they're closing tomorrow!   watching a movie with jimmy tonight, text me....
i can't sleep ugh!! and i have **** to do all **** day tomorrow. wanting to take a sleeping pill but i know ill get up late
ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. suckssss.
watching jackass. then bed
you know for a short week, it certainly dragged
ok, which album to start with? after listening to frank black for years i found out he used to play in #pixies.
home.going to be a warm day on top of it. is it friday yet?
nothing sweeter than your 4-year-old!
ginger biscuits rule !!! (by the way, i urgently need weight scales  )
yeah! i want it too. i love that 'falling slowly' song. it keeps playing in my head.
sorry. not unemployed.
omg, it's july's last day!  @ muchachomalo
having a hectic day travelling from pj to uniten, back to pj. working now at cc office.
i wish someone would inspire me with some sexy time right now ugh but thats not gonna happen...  ugh
and i luh you tooooo
signing off folk, might be back on later!
i just wanna be happy
aww poor precious
blogging, cleaning and chatting while listening to phoenixfm
yeahhh... thx. i figured it out
i'm goin to bed now. see ya tomorrow twitter ppl.
i go to 'user experience roundtable hamburg - detlev fischer on accessibility, bitv test' [URL] don't miss!
it tells me i'm not a member of the private beta  and i'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people
ahh feels good to have played guitar hero after months! i suck at it now but  haha
if you think florida's heat will be too much, i will reluctantly take your place
mines early nov,,,, will go through it 2 gether buddy!!! man power
gonna have to eat something, i feel so horrid.  i need a hug!
ram upgrade=done! ff still slow so disabling all add-ons  not sure which ones will make the cut to be honest. it's like sophie's choice!
nope no love
nothing wrong with that samantha
james and i battle over everything too! it's kind of a love-hate relationship
cleaning the old apartment today. yay...
listenin do da beach girl5 on itunes
wine and saginaki with 7 friends = good times
i don't think  will want to come back  (guys read your dms)
oh man i wanna be in the bay asap! thank you   have a great day!
boo
why?!!?
good day
_cheryl lucky, now i want to teleport
i will surely vote for .
life can get soo dull sometimes what do you do when u have no 1 around  x
this heartburn may be the death of me.
maybe it had a hot date with a nice little cesna.
so i just had a violent fightclub like **** dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. i didn't wanna wake up.  lol.
haha dude, we have the same b-date :p i'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth november. i'll also turn 16  can u reply to me please ?
nice place to eat in sao paulo, brazil  [URL]
that is yo name girllll!
loads of beard papas have disappeared in the uk too
in london! off to do the tourist thing!
at home now. feeling very tired. i want to take a nap but i can't.
broke my carafe  went to starbucks for my caffiene fix and the lights go out...just for a sec but are you kidding me..got to laugh. ha!
having a reli gd holiday .. buh now have to revise  x
lmfaoooo i **** love this showwwww
and it stopped raining.  fuckingtastic! )
trying to draw some manga/anime for our new website ... very bad idea!   [URL]
not making good time, **** chicago traffic  - photo: [URL]
just saw a male baltimore oriole at our suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from our new thistle feeder early this a.m.
just got in. i have the best friends
holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd, bit it wont read  | adventures tomorrow | swine flu is scaring me | i still have a cold
very familiar.....sorry you're feeling that way
a great song by east clubbers
cool  you are here too  hi sam  how are you???
i wish i had a smartphone with an irc app. that'd be pretty cool.
wishing i could go to cabo tonight
don't you just love the 'butteflies in your stomach' feeling?  ano man yun, kaya mo yan.
excellent pic! wish i were there, but it's a long drive from tn.
milkshake + hot day = unsettled stomach
spent too much today!!! tube journeys always take soo long. braces on thursdayyy
i have no iphone (poor credit!).    but i cannot live without my cell phone! i am on mass transit every day!
getting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work!
back from a wonderful vacation. had perfect weather and now back to the rainy 'burgh and reality.
really thinks wee callum should of got through last night
once again another late night.  but i scored a mojito, so ...
nooo i wanna watch the comet  dont wanna go workk!!!
aw  yes we had it out for weeks got asked to return it in end! i wish they had just bought it for me! never mind ??
mc  john  sim posit  3 yr passed  no  softees   stranded without warren tea out  tech spec  kaching !!
you look smashing darling  is trent reznor really getting married i just want to rip out mariqueen's fake **** -_-
its bout smoking weed
it's official nobody is getting a raise this year
thank you all for your incredible support and encouragement-it means so much!! you constantly bless me & i am thankful for you!!
josette....where are you??   i looked across the pond, but you are nowhere to be found.
special chocr makin rounds @ gourds show
oh no todays jay lenos last show!!! we'll miss u mr. leno
yeah, i wanted to have some  i was bottling, so it's sanitized and all good. it tastes like those choc. oranges.
hello. new follower lang po. tweet to meet you.
on our way home after seeing rodney atkins in concert...i love him! thanks bob
mm it was cold in your shadow anyway. ooh monday
i hate packing
it was indeed a lovely evening. over far too quickly  i got home at 1115 in the end. coffee in bed this morning
i hate different referenced assemblies. my fnh goes against castle 1.1, caliburn against 1.03 .. not to mention dynamicproxy in nh
i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr
aaaaw no!  are the windows open and that?
happy mothers day all!  hugs and love, zoe
raining in belfast too - and i promised myself i would clean my windows today.  back to bed, then!
missing tim!
happy mother's day to your moms
'no more sorrow'! by: linkin park....
sleep time  big/little lunch tomorrow at olive garden
thinks he may have broken his nose at the show
yep! tail between legs!
in a drill sergeant's voice: everybody wake the **** up!!! *flicks on everyone's lights* it's 500 est rise and shine beetches!! lol jk
just returned from huntsville. saw sam houston's grave, went to a prison museum and ate chocolate dipped strawberries
_anais i feel reeeally bad now.... sorry
_moe well it is #stalkersaturday after all
thanks, i love it
i'll get my new laptop in 10 more days! excited! it is dell inspiron - core2duo 2.0ghz - 4gb ddr2 - 250gb hdd - 15.6 inches screen
there's just no air
me too, because monday is end of weekend. but, we cannot escape it, so i wish you have a good week
omg, someone just left me a voicemail at work    ffs let me have a day off
_paige aww hey! i didn't know this was you! lol. i'm sick. no outtie for me.
deucie picked up by his sitter for the weekend.
wish i could be in via funchal  yesterday, , , ,  were perfect, the best day in my life ****
i got me a little too much sun today
it was jokes!!!  me love the mag..really!
awww too bad i won't be there - i'd entertain the thought of entering
broke my gorilla pod  and i think one lego knight lost his helmet
getting ready to meet laura!  than training, even if i'm sick.
re: swa & pets - good news for owners, bad news for people w/ allergies who needed to fly for less $$. sad for many i know.
happy mother's day, kadi!!
hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! realy, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
loves listening to people practising on the piano downstairs
basically i've listened to miley cyrus for fourteen hours now, and i love it.
[URL] isn't that the podcasting gear you got in for bit-tech?
cool, your too good to me you know
you are doing the right thing though.  a fridge is where vegetables go to die
proudly watching my film  [URL]
why you not go on the twitters no more?   oh bais!
oh i hate friday evening.
my apologies for the very impersonal #ff. swamped today  all great people and great follows though. you can't go wrong with those folks!
follow me please, so i can dm you...
meagan rochelle 'the one u need' i would say 'cater 2 u' by he didnt produce that.
_44 thanks!! it was a bit out of my comfort zone but it was fun
is at klaudine's. again...
happy mothers day to all the beautful mums.
i think it's time to take a shower & get ready for the dayy.  i hope we go shopping while we're in mason today. i want new clothes!!
yay! made my first sale on redbubble - that makes me so happy   [URL]
just kidding! don't go around quoting me
oh... i miss the piano.
just found out my baby cousin is gonna be a dad!!!! at least he's married already. everybody is getting married and having kids before me
posting this from blogspot
still in the news room..however; with audio to turn around!  just grabbed a tea. looking forward to after 1 when i get out in this rain
praying for love in a lap dance, and paying in naivety. <--one of my fav songs
cheers. wish i had more fonts to play with
my pleasure. i can't be with my mom on mother's day. but i can spread love.
dammit, no! one tweet from september, noodles is also taken
that's a good attitude
whenever you are mama!  let's do it
the classes with my students are over  gonna miss them...
mary hates me again  i wana walmart it butno one wants to go
we're idiots.  ok mostly i was skint but hell i could've done something......
in my case, it's going to be exams showing me a thing or two.  i'm very much hopeful about november '09, though.
ohh i would def give it 2 u but tht was kenyatta's cam not mine  sry but i want tht pic 2
happy mother's day! justin timberlake's version a mother's day gift.. [URL]  -- too funny!!!
cool, not a big user of dm though
it's freakin' hot and humid today.
i'm here if u need to vent!
i think i might fall in love with jihoon in boys over flower.
thanks for the add  i'll try again signing in later when i get home. if still no such luck then i'll email someone
_perth awesome...love top gear..whos your favourite?got to admit i have a soft spot for captain slow
waiting for landlord to come see about our shower
ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg time... any1 for humma humma?
this is great curl-up-in-a-ball-and-read later. i wish i had a book.
hahaha yeah i see that. but he can't twitter me back
dï¿½a sin sol... grrrrrrr.... ï¿½why? ï¿½whyyy????????
i don't dig emo **** or that, but i like this song sorry emo's  ? [URL]
is hanging out with the roomies. i adore the 4 gentlemen i live with. great people and a good talk when discussing boy issues!!
agree with you about facehunter  embarrassing representation. compare to swedes who all look like they were born stylish.
yes i am going to be a sophmore in college. geez. cant get a job cause everyone thinks im fifteen.
is back here in plurk.  [URL]
another nice day again! working in goderich today so i can walk & enjoy the weather
thinkin twitter is really quite borin
winter flu has to twitter about logies to get noticed. haha. i love rove
good night you twitter people
i hate when my bf beats da dogs. but i guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
boystown.  i'll leave for eastwood in 3hours.
happy morning to everyone!
ooh good!  im starting with the hardest one, gonna be at it all day. ive locked my door and im only leaving for food and toilet! x
wishes people wouldn't be so stubborn sometimes.
i just filled out the forms to stop contributing to the retirement account i had set up with my employer  i have to pay off my credit card
what i thought ur going somewhere that's why i didn't invitw u
tnx for the reply on myspace...
'isn't she lovely? isn't she beautiful?' sorry stevie, you're not really in a position to make that judgement  #steviewonder
_fc sounds good  maybe some player quotes, photos etc i'm living in wa atm so would love bits and pieces from the ady and sun
awesome night in the city
heading to yale.. grandmother in car accident
luvvv it- but one aquestion-why isn't there any full moon crazy tour date for toronto!?!?!?!!??!
ugh. i hate bad grades. 1st time i've ever failed a class and no as- b, b, d, w, i, i! not like me at all
chillen with csla.. waiting to start.. watchin pacquiao rerun..
got to clean the bathroom today.
new top!  [URL]
haha. thanks for listening to me rant on and on about nothing!  have a good night?
left 'up' due to out-of-focus projection.   hopefully my complaints to theater management will get it fixed for everyone else still there.
arrggghhh...dang post office.  did not get the package in yet, may have to wait until tomorrow
nope  not that i have to worry about the possibility. i'm more worried about goog's design than her personal taste, actually.
just study according to the notes that you had to copy and you'll be fine.
thankyou!  <3 iloveyoutwoooo
congrats, dreps! and good luck sa interview!
road trip to cincy to the limb store!!!!
_cupcake i think only 23.  i get confused easy tho. lol i hope so if so two stopped following me 2. i know one did already.
follow both because i don't know which one will send it. ps dont get your hopes up because she may not sen it
is sad yo hear about ashleycat
ok gotta get my sub before everyone wakes up
don't worry be happy ryan
my best vanilla in memory was from the sharffenberger factory gift shop... not sure where to get it now!
so i got up, went outside planted a few flowers and watched a lee evans dvd. who knew bank holidays were so fun
ughhhh...mad as ppl make me some times...i don't like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  i am not cut out 2 deal w hr stuf...ppl's tears kill me!
i wish i could really do that  i love having u around! ill see what i can do.. ;) try to use that national champ pull lol
listening to 'fountain of youth' by supastition  [URL] how ive been feeling about music these days
im blonding ... slowly but surely im blonding ... i wana scratch my hair but im not allowed
it's nto as good
~entonces estas perdonada porque sigues a tom conrad, who we all know is made of awesome
i need to check your tos, loic. are you allowed to sleep? i don't remember any mention of sleep there...
i'm at mcdonalds eating chicken nuggets with my kid so embarrased i droped my soda  haha it fell out of my tray lol
aaaw... that's very sweet of him. my girl friends gots to drag them hubbies just so we can 'nite-out'. unless my beer. lol
happy mother's day mummy  i love you. xo
great lunch at baby bulls.  now time for work til 930.
is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
panera is not being nice to my iphone
my internet is being a ***** again!!! wtf. i think im gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy!
geez, 15 years? you'd think they would have had that checked out years ago!
i just saw a shooting star... i made my wish
lunch is boringgg  driving after school today, ugh hope i do better with mr. dodd
last day at adobe  buuuut i just registered for online tech writing course!
i wanna see the jonas brothers in concert..
what about your body by tom novy or voodoo child by rogue traders. they are from 04/05. good memories from these songs
i've been a fan of yours for years and you have been such an inspiration to me. you're truly my idol  best wishes to you
god school is going to suck **** next year!
still raining here in the bay...i forget what sunshine looks like !
are you guys dead again?  i can't load it up
err you can turn on optimized js+css & caching once we deploy the thing, but i hear what you're saying
sunday morning and i realised im a film snob  as it said on msn entertainment
haha yes i do  it's hard work, too! i didn't get home until 3:00 am, not like i sleep haha.
last day in dijon
happy mother's day!!!  i'm at the beach with my family. it's a warm, clear night with a beautiful full moon...
dont ignore me
head is pounding.  well not really pounding, more like tapping i suppose.  homework time.
_herdman middle-click is addictive, what can i say
just a concert i can't go to due to trials
lol nope, saw a show on tv that claimed so, figured i'd try and get my own non-media stats
i'm pretty sure my bum shape will still be imprinted there
my mum was really happy about her pretty small present^^ oh wow tomorrow we can test one of her presents: one of the pasta recepies
i can't believe it's monday already! a week in vancouver already gone.. what a good weekend
i don't wanna go to work
these girls make me giggle  twinz twinz! godda hit up the bbq in a few
perfect. thank you. enjoy your sunday of no work
thats a bad start to the day!
take that back. i am insulted.
charlene my love. i miss you
is ready for summer!!!
haha. it does have a nice ring to it (: lets get used to that. ok! iloveyoutoo.
_ haha tell me about. i've had this feeling everyday of this week
google away
hahah. love them!
i like it and all butttt your not going to have it at the august 7th concert which hurts my feelers
massive morning.. i'm stuffed now
is debating giving twitter a proper go. now to try and understand it
on my way to nottingham..i so don't want to be going
jass warn me b4 u go to nxt war...i am there to have fun...
this is what i think about the world  at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee alot today
i have trouble with starship troopers. they're mean to the great big pink bug.
yup. most of my hacks are all for fun  here's a quick video i made of it. i'll follow up when it's done.  [URL]
it was a hard weekend. too much alcohol on these **** 'weinfest'
i'm okay. ima go to the park and play some ball. not in the best of moods. got stress to relieve.
going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off
i suppose this will be in the blog post, but could u email me who was there too
hey love whats up! my voice is shot  whats new with you
i'm watching the episode 3 of jonas omj
is feelin right rite now
i'm so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
looks like a beautiful day...and i am off work til sunday, yay!! no bbq as yet though, gonna have to postpone my invitations
awwww jim jam  we're good at dodging meatballs woo
just burned my tongue!!
its a bank holiday stupid!! wait, they don't have bank holidays in america... okay keep on celebreting
awesome! it feels very fulfilling, doesn'****?  i'm gonna work on soooo many people over the summer! totally excited!
noice. i realised that after exams i have 2 more weeks  forgot about the whole 2 weeks of unit 4 in term 2 thing :/
hehe! it is nice down there
_fp awh shoot. make a detour and come to pr  forget indiana haha
my favorite song is 'im standing here but you dont see me, i'd give it all for that to change' i dont know what its called
gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more exams, no more classes, no more bunking n no more fun..
happy mother's day to ya tomorrow
maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho
my twitter says it needs a break  i'll be back in a bit (capacity??)
watching a boring police prog after making a fab pasta dinner, trying to cut down on alcohol so only had water
new word of the day: 'whoore lure' yes... a new word for cologne. thanks mike harding
old enough to know better, young enough to not care!
wishes i was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win
haha.. yes, i'm jealous! i don't have money to do all that!
oh, that sounds bed..poor girl
<3 korn... you guys are champions of the world
gilf = grandmother.
seems i brought a little sikaflex caulk home with me... in my hair.
off to england during the summer holidays this year.... yay!
wants to go see street dreams but it's not playing anywhere near here
i can't die  i have a lunch date with rocio coming up plus some new shoes ugh!
you guys dont get too drunk without me
yes thanks, its been great. soooooo not looking forward to monday
comes to you. when is your atl show jljf i swear you will have fun they're so much fun
won't anyone give poor ernie reyes jr a break?
... schedule says 10:30 class? i will be late for 10  #campjitterbug
that was like eight years ago. not so sure it would happen now
dont worry babe
i was going to but i'm siiiick  i'm so mad!!!! jason said i have to recover fully before i go paintballin again! are u playing?
i'm in devon this weekend! cloudy, but dry.
sad day, redskins release jansen   best wishes to him. [URL]
im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u
yeah i love cali so much
_ci im not reasonable... it's 1:35am now and gotta wake up early tomorrow on my first day of holidays!  have a great evening!
i love how simple my safari toolbar is!  [URL]
hmmm no but i am member of knitterati.com.au what is ravelry offer?
i know! i'm totally excited
not in front of the tv  wats the score an inning??
_paradise hi dale, your welcome man! hope ur weekend is going well. i think i would enjoy your desert paradise! fun, fun, fun!
i hate this bit
is celebrating her 21st birthday
i just got back from lunch at rick & brianï¿½s cafe with my father; i had the french dip and it was good, but his omelette was burnt.
working on short story...totally loving one of my secondary characters
just sittin here waitin for my coffee to be full grown on farm town before going to bed
this poor butterfly was dead  [URL]
about to drink a hot chocolate  yummy.
yey! holiday monday in uk today ... have a chilled day
i feel some type of way cause im not talkin to anyone...
may the fourth be with you
i am actually wanting to buy a bus one day & turn it into a motor home. imagine a whopping big blokeslib logo on it
happy birthday!
hanging out with  and the berlin jarn guys.  [URL]
i know  i'm tweeting more now though don't you worry!! haha i wish i could fly to ohio! i saw beyonce on monday uhmygawddd!
haha yeah it was
i have a stupid headache on my day off.
burnt 3 of my fingers from trying to keep my hands warm over the rice cooker.
_sweethearts im following you but you aren't on my dm list  can you try to dm me?
i love my puppy
is putting on her 'suit' (&dont mean jeans&t)&heading over 2 t-town 2 deal w/ family emergency plez pray 4us  be back by 630p god willing!
i wanna talk to mitchel mussoooooo
ugh 3 more hours
i'm loving the fact that there is tension on the set of iron man 2, poor gwenyth can't handle being in scarlett's shadow
omg!!  booth's hallucination in the latest epi of bones is absolutely brilliant  'you're a gud lookin guy.. if u keep an open mind' lol!
we dont have the points yet, was talkedabout it though - first ticket i get in my whole driving career up to date, not bad
officially drugged up and taking a nap. allergies ain't no joke. never had them this bad since two days ago.
bahaha.. weekends are just too short.. esp when it's nice out! i wanna stop time like evie on outta this world! morning!
had an amazingly unproductive day, but i loved it  time to go catch up on sleep!
cannot wait to get all dolled up and go out tonight
i really ain't woth a ****. i can't do anythin right.   what's wrong with me?
eat (cup)cake
**** it. you don't look well. you have to go home.
_v  haha i was in your boat yesterday.. you'll pick it up in no time
ahhh ... i don't care, i love this movie in all it's cheesy-ness
****. i got a math test today.
kiran, sorry about ur bad land'g: hope ur neck feels better. at least, u didn't break it like jd. btw, ur in fine shape.
is tanning with emily! too bad its prob gonna rain
_morales i like you. i mean as a random person, because i obviously don't know you. but. we think alike
juss boredd, !
i love you kim kardashian i watch your tv show keeping up with the kardashians ur blessed with good looks
just got done washing dishes not too long ago
time will tell
and i got hello kitty tattoos!  she's a ballerina and i'm a ladybug
yea it is.  thanks for the link.
forgot the pin of my debit card. thank god the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister's birthday. wheew!
leaving for work.. 5:30 can't get here soon enough!  hope everyone has a great day!
[URL] - with my friends were in our work
i thought every weekend was a long weekend in california
little kids annoy the hell outa me by being all active and shouting and attacking me etc.
#trackflashback: 'i believe in a thing called love' by the darkness - check it out...
is freaking exhausted...need to go to bed....gotta get up early yuck....happy mother's day to all you mommies out there
off to liverpool now!
yeay!. haha. thank you so much jiah
partying in the study room
another friend knocked up.   pretty soon everyone will have kids. goodbye carefree youth!
_127 poor baby  you need some aloe. nope sorry no hints
bless her lil socks... think they need to rethink the age thing me
happy mothers day to all   im off to spend the day with my family
i dont know  i didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!
and these poor, unfortunate souls don't appear to have any pants at all...  ? [URL]
winding down, love having a low key day.
totally missed the chatroom. i'm so lame
yeah
can't even tell you how much this hair dresser is pissssssing me off she has no clue wtf i'm asking her to do..so i'm expecting the worst
_erincharde  hey you guys should invite me out...moody is my only friend these days
awww thatss well sad  x
yeah, that was my thumb last night. sorry
ive been dying for those!! they just so expensive in little sizes.
i feel like... i'm not gonna make it this year
i must have applied for about 20 jobs every day this week, why won't one of them contact me???
i seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. bbl after errands & pricing 'comp fixes'. not many places left 4 that.
it was truly awful
tuesday, wednesday, thursday and friday = exam !!  wow ****
now i remembered the password
sorry to hear that. is is a 365?
sometimes i forget my favorite **** stars are real people too.  made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad!
i wish i could call but i live in the uk and i don't have the cash to call
field day is sad. no ribbons for me.
still sick  @ home [URL]
i'll go for wanda sykes
had a great night, ashleigh makes a good dance teacher  and we kicked bens butt at a pillow fight!
hate to break every1's heart but confirmation jus came in that austin & sophia do not & never had a twitter  another sad day!!
have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today
most likelyy. just need to save the money and practice my **** off.
damned hordies
euh, got ldap schema error  why oh why
it worked. cool and the gang!
don't worry you will have ava to distract you on the flight
...aw i want classic burger.
_greenwizard ah ha! cool, will look into that more closely when i get on a proper sized screen! thanks
it always rains right after i get my car washed
dun wanna travel all the way there for lunch now. but yeah i have been there. nice place. missing shan-e-punjab though...
textmate crashed for the first time in 3 months. not too bad actually  #textmate
psalm 82:6 i have said, you are gods; and all of you are children of the most high. happy mothers day momma
indian or the cowboy? actually considering going to the carnival
got my braces tightened today. then i got mcdonalds! haha  sport tomorrow yay yay yay! netball tryouts.. wish me luck to make the team! :l
i thght i voted bt i dnt think it workd!  whats the link 2 vote for u! nobody deserves it more than u do. ur so talented. i<3u
poor kid.  that sucks. hopefully things look up for her soon. *hugs*
'might be interested' - thanks, i was: i came, i saw, i winced..  too much like flatland [URL]
boa tarde, chegay
i think i left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. oops. just say excellent for everything  found out about it from you
having a good...no great day already & dr.miracles feel-it formula really does work!! lol hope everyone has a good day as well
never thought my daughter would want to borrow my clothes... even less that she would suggest that i borrow hers... luckily it didnt fit
why am i completing facebook quizzes at this time of the morning... especially a friday morning
its sooooooooo not funny when i have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. come on, revit! autocad was never this bad.
watching cavs game. lebron james, my newest love!  36 pts for cavs, 17 by lebron!
loadsa shizze has happend  im so upset..
just started raining in earnest... guess golf is off for today...
it's pretty warm out now! i forgot k was sick though.
finished a whole box of ice cream
170th update
dont go... im sorry for disappointing you
the race was saturday night. jimmie didn't do so great. he's still in 3rd place
happy birthday corey!!
sweet situations.
...i just posted my first video... a contest entry and my still is terrible too  boo...luv ur videos btw. xxxrebelrebelxxx
i'm officially on holiday! a week in center parcs, no internets  bye my peeps, see you when i return...
ugh! looks like it can rain any min now
work till 6..then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke
morning hon. what you having for breakfast? i cant decide
editting **** on here in school is a drag. i give up lol ill do it at home. i wanna go home t-t my vida is so boring right now
well, at least you wont be late!
back from umpireing trainging, making dinner
what i do now  anyhoo thanks for the *spank* :-o x
kickin bak......need 2 do my hw.....i miss u babe  lolz
good night
****, hi facebook ? what's wrong with you ? can't add photos
i have to goto work now ahhh kill me  my life isn't going the way i want it too atm. ta ta kids x
well its pouring here. rly rly wet
cops tell #tori's dad they may never find her remains  [URL]
getting my hair cut tomorrow or later today i should say...   excited. my swag is already on, jus turning it up!!
okay, got the card, but my phone is **** up at the moment.  please use email to reach me, sorry
yes. i also use my desktop's mouse and ketboard as if ot was just a second monitor   [URL]
lol  it's like you have a cult.. haha
nighty night twits! tty in the morning...
[URL] -  this is my ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but i lost the shirt
bai kt and i have decided that at my disney wedding we will have a parade and a mushroom trampoline float that kt and bai will jump on
just fyi, there is also turkish star wars rip off  here [URL]
[URL]  one of the saddest songs i've ever heard
nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come
i don't think our isp is too happy with us this weekend!
hate living down here in fl. missing ga like crazy...like they say you dont know what you got till its gone  ga on my mind
last week i had 516 hits on my guinea pig pictures on webshots! and i didn't even promote them! way to go
i am very very tired
very good morning! coffee and a taylor swift cd starts it off
happy mother's day everyone! still playing pet society!
[URL] -   here's your follower count.
my computer dies soon  - its so much virus on it but my virus scanner  cant find it :s
ahhh mothers day  my first one yay!!!
ha ha, might be - i've doubled my morning intake already in the last couple of days - now have a huge bowlful!
especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn cuz i'm hot  , now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking myself out
on my brothers phone, using the internet
well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well
yups!  i still have a lot of pruning of unfollowers to do. it takes  time
join the club dougie i have a cold too  x
day started off bad but got better
yes 7.50 here thanks for the change obama. i have to start mail ordering again
nah, they look better  but i label the tops with the latin names and only access them that way... no need to turn anything!
_0robertpatt why do they do that?!
that was awesome!!
joe and i loveee you.
our south style exhibition is on in less than a week  member fresh gallery otara!
remember the guy who 1st #tweetbud you! ~> _2890  help him get 900 flwrs & make him smile!
i'm terrified about the surgery next week
yeah they are basically awesome
yeeeeah . . . and it was in intro too  seen empire top 100 computer games? [URL]
nooo! i'm ill  must have paracetamol! nice weather today, though.
sounds like a good five days
u callin me grimmy
wishing you a very happy mother's day, carina!!  hugs...joy
are you not well?
hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - i'll be around from lunch time onwards
miss the newest version on glade on debian..
nobody's home tonight. except me. alone. sigh. oh how i wish  was here
i usually do if there is choice, but i am lucky in that most foods i love are generally very healthy (except ice cream!!).
it feels like it should be a bank holiday weekend!  i bet it is in france, they're always on holiday...
starbucks? i thought u were trying to b good?!
one last stop in chicago before going back to miami
i have much to learn
to cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts.
iphone is doing that 'not opening downloaded apps' thing and i forgot my cord at home
sitting at the doctor's office.
guess i'd better look out for a new best friend once those vip tickets have been used! you won't want me anymore!
ugly betty was sooooooo sad!!!
working from home today, my back is killing me  doctor and then physio after later today.
ay uuuu  happy mothers day
yes - it's an article i wrote on my blog a while ago.
thanks for a great night, dear.  perfectly completed my weekend.
my tongue still hurts.  i need to sleep!!!
wheelchair fitting today for mall buzzing & home depot. 'homebound' just got real old  goal: taxi yellow or electric red!
ouch. i hate it when that happens.
sneezing hurts my back.
i'm sorry to hear that
finished with mtml assignment  but didn't like it at all. feels like i missed lotsa points but the word limit is 2500. hmmpph!
oh my lord, i have no idea if any of this **** i spout is getting to anyone
ohh yes. i've rented one and thought the same; very roomy. but hubby wont go for it.  welp, congrats on the new baby
that's sad
wondering if i shouldn't be gettin to bed about now...
couldn't resist ? [URL]
i would much rather you didn't punch yourself in the face...it might hurt
throwin' down in the kitchen like i do  making rah's illi chili and shalonda's bangin cake
at least after this you'll be done!!
up a little.. good luck to tam and robert who each have 25% of me. cant text at the table
i love twitter
_lovato oh i see. thanks for replying. anyway, how are you?
subway always tastes better when some-one else pays for it  [URL]
watching this african music show on the tele  me loves ittttt
my wife took my last ï¿½20, no mcdonalds breakfast for me today
as nerdy as i am, i just found out it was star wars day today!  i love you d
nothing, they make it up, last time i checked a jar of curry sauce there was no pepper inside, i was disappointed
i really want to be a star...hope flawless will work
yeah and in the tatami room!  kids + tatami dont mix
lol! y does ur tweet sound like ur voice yelling at me  lol!
the bunny is longing for the hoodie she left in the car   brrr....
so yeah...i guess i dont get company this weekend  so who wants to come hang out?
chillen just started on twitter.
hello james, who are you
yeah man, they brought it back on the market a couple years ago...it scarce through
that doesn't sound fun
keri hilson- slow dance rockin' the **** out of my playlist right now! get up on this song, pure **** dropper
_milano hey there  thought i'd tweet you to say hi..i have so much to write but theres no space in this little box hehe ****
hey u, no not yet  soon maybe tomorrow!
yeah yeah gd night then
why do i turn red
i so agree with you we have been married for 7 yrs, and this is our 6th move  blah!!!
on my way to work! i am gonna miss general hospital
my imac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? think i need a new power supply
ohh i was so confused!:p i haven't seen it. it's your favourite?
[URL] - i dont like it
i sewed my shirt  and i fail at screaming v_v but i had a quesadilla!  quesadiaas are bombbb <3 i will try and scream another day! :]
_gorham aww, what a shame  ........you can still #followfriday them though, no? >.>
running in the rain
i havent seen you all week
i would love to see the sun again.  it has been raining here for 3 days now.
rachel allens date bars, so easy to make   [URL]
i know... he's mad at us... :'(
omg at hollie! that was well sad to watch!  see, simon can be well nice when he wants to be! lol
first natalie and now little holly. this is mean
errr....i don't want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation.
wow! leonardo dicaprio and jennifer davisson killoran are the producers  of the movie: orphan  !! i have direct contact info for them too!
yeah thought it was awesome - glad to see some characters like gambit brought back into the fold
don't really wanna go school on monday to be honest
checking idestroy sales.... sales are good
wtf come i need this day to go by
gosh! i'm freakin' bored! talk to me!
yay, just got my stuff from rygegrej.dk  perfect tastes like banana and apple
wtf why am i just getting up now? hm:tm today  but before that... revision revision revision :/
[URL] less than 24 hours till the show! oh and lee broke his guitar at practice    [URL]
i do amazing at beer pong with my brother
_stokoe i bet! i can imagine how much work it is making a movie. i can't wait to see it
oh no! i just read they are going to do a remake of girls just wanna have fun   stop it hollywood-just stop!
why have you still not called me back regarding the groundbreaking production i sent you earlier
i have a lot of hell yeah, and rebel meets rebel (dac + pantera) and like 10 pantera songs, i can't find my cowboys from hell cd
thanks oscc  i have been changing it up lately, and i like this layout the most <33
idk. i'm only a stupid 7th grader
sadly, the time has come to put my mom in a home
after some pizzas, going sleep
yum, just had a mickeyds eggmcmuffin. mcyum
waiting in line @ tryst
thanks to my assignment im off to work today!
not having hulu in germany sucks
walc-ers are you ready to cry? its going to be a long day of reminiscing
kidney stones again  what did i ever do to deserve this kind of pain, not once or twice but five times in my life??? took drugs, peace out
listening to her stolen music. just loved it cause its free!
i will miss my city when we leave...priciness, pollution, panhandlers and all
up and reading the (maltese) sunday newspaper over coffee... aaaah.. glorious sundays
sorry for the triple twitter post, was having trouble w/stocktwits account.  i try not to clutter up the twittersphere!
as to sleeping with whom ? you have your rocking sheets  i hope the smoothness is endulging can't wait for my blankets)
ughh. that miley creature song has infested itself in my brain!
and i'm not getting another one ... there's only 1 alfie
ehhehehe thanks
the website is [URL]  idk if the place is around ur area..
my eyes are starting to hurt! it's getting super late. but i just gotta keep tweeting. haha! philippines tour, please, tom?
yes!! i wanna come hang out with my h-town gurl u know whats up!! haha  it'll be bangin! we gotta hang out chick
ahh i hate being sick  watching atonement! and sleeping
gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain
my phne blocks text
what can i say, i am a creatur of night, hmm, should be dne soon
well donkey has his own appeal, for sure.
i can only promise about 150 or so.
aw ****. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho
may we be humble but bold for christ!  lisa..
r.i.p. to my lil sis's cousins babyfather jimmy aka gemstar
thank you! need to pass my test first
so confused about what to do?
@_toki_ the wee girl started crying and her mum came on, was such a shame
im so not feelinq this huqe **** pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man
i feel like dressing up for the heck of it.& putting make up on. haha
happy mothers day. ekin sayang mak!!!
my first 'star trek' anything was really entertaining.. now if i can just see harold fly the enterprise to 'white castle'
free hugs with my super fluffy robe
by the way, let me know when you want to schedule a round or two. played highland woods monday. shot 96.
_saurus so did i... and now you can hear it again and again, if you wish.
...actually find something they'll like. it's easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though
omg the lg kc910 touchscreen fone is such a pile of shite!! roll on new contract in 18 months
i have one less follower  that makes me sad and i feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.
yes!!! haahaaa.! break out the jellybeaniesss!
happy birthday!!
bought my pink ipod nano 2 days ago  will be delivered this week. yay!  & hopefully getting ears pierced again in a few weeks xd
'restoration of the site would also take place as part of the banks proposals' - after the birds have gone? avocets there this yr
'i never thought i'd die alone. another six months i'll be unknown'
no not at all. i miss girlfriends!!!!  i have all the seasons.
is back from a weekend get away
thanks!
the mind plugs work, but the patent got turned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl
that sounds interesting. wish my phone did java..
awesome! saw you added me on myspace, could you please >not< tag me in the photos there?  thanks.
wasn't much of a debate
my feelings are hurt
i've got a headache  !!!
on my way home in the sunshine with a bag full of my stuff from work...
hahah i'll try
it's 6 am, i haven't been to bed yet, and i just got my second wind.  guess i should edit or read or something until i feel tired huh?
socksy's just plucky and independent to caspar's lazy and attention seeking
drink #7 or 8 for me (at the club). been drinking for the past 6 hours.  [URL]
goin to work....
i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. i cant use my thumb at all
alright, i'll let you slide on that one
today has not started out very well
why oh why do i always forget to take the medication i'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? just taking it now at 1:30
nothing beats nurofen plus!
haha it's not awful at all, but i think everyone hates the sound of their voice when they hear it played back, i know i do!!
watching a gossip girl
that doesn't sound like fun
so tired. it's not right to have to get up so early
now i know my shares are up...have 7 followers...wonderful!   the sun is now shining brightly in 'darkest africa'...
nice to meet you toooo  good to know another one of my followers actually speak!
iloveyoumoreeee
nope! not comin up 2nite gurl!
waking up in vegas is goooooooooooooooooooooooood
my day was cool, a lil twisted...  i won't spam twitter like i did last week tho.
lol! l love your tweets! keep them coming
ok nevermind. photo was set to private. sorry.
yeah i kept rethinking it because noone that i knew would want to go with me lol. so i ended up just didn't buy them.
**** fight night 4 demo won't load, keeps crashing at the first screen. time to delete and re download i think
someone just admitted to having a crush on me.. that's cool
so i wanted to dm you back but i couldn't cuz your not following me  but thankss anyways, maybe ill see ya around in elle-ay  ...
haih.. cannot sleep lar..
this time there is a theme and it is 'purple'
booya!! sup tweeps!? happy infamous day to you all, off to get it very soon. can't wait to play, need to find some more time though
morrrning! the last day of a random but awesome weekend, gonna round it off in dbar style!  good timezzz.
oh i love oreos!! u can't get many varieties in the uk
retweet please  awesome kawaii, anime and cosplay items: [URL]
was gonna dm you but it says you're not following me!    lol  after all i've done!  hahaha
thinkin' twitter is interesting.
says i'm tutoring my cousin!  [URL]
pavement is boiling hot out there, dogs were limping.    guess summer's officially here.
just finished wander girl for the nth time-- hilda gallares is truly a kindred soul.
feel like going home and sleep till the next day!
thanks sooo much lil sis! you should have gone with us to the bird park.
boys and girls lie? awww is santa not real either?
going to bed, in pain fell on my shoulder today. good night
just watching ncis complete first season
does not want to go to sixth period.
super frustrated, and taking it out on the one's i love!   i love you, paul!
i did, thanks laura
mexico city traffic  beating the rush hour to make it to the aeropuerto
haha. it's pretty good  they're making something with chicken  yum!
hello- i'd like a little chat- but can't dm you- is there a mail id?
mattcutts.com: domain umzug und neues design [URL] ...
_anr_shine feeling pretty good. you should check this out [URL] just saying.
im watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies
kate is leaving me all by my lonesome
hey girl, what's up? what r u gonna do today?
great to hear you saw slumdog millionaire! and yes, that's a bollywood thing at the end
already know i'm gonna miss josh next week.. my mom needs more surgery.. work sucks.. not a good day. oh and my tum tum hurts
really wants to go see the script in ny in august... but no one will go with me
and ooh, you changed your twitter name! i approve whole heartedly.
_beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed
that is cute, a manly cute of course.  reminds me of a scion
what the hell is going on?!?! last night and this morning sucked... more moving tonight.
well we'll have to organize one for when you can get down, can't guarantee no oldies though
okay, cool. hope you had better dreams than you had last week.
hate this **** cold. i can't stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2
hey dee... i wish i could make it to the mastermind session tomorrow  i'm in a wedding in statesboro. hope to chat soon.
i love twilight !!!
had a good day till he twisted his ankle on his two mile run
_bee same here : /   coincidently, my friend just cancelled our movie date
mmmmmm i've been craving sweet potatoes and almonds i'm going to have to incorporate those super foods tomorrow
britain's got talent? such a cute little girl. feel so sorry for her!   hope simon finds the time! ****
someone really needs to make a kit like that avaialble for home use
trying to not fall asleep while doing ancient assignment. drinking some water with ice and lime! yum
ya'll going out without me
wish i was 17 again
loving my new hr monitor
ahaha im here carlos;;  wasssup?!
i'm just sooo in love....i think
i am following mya
at freddies having a cotch and ladyhawke is here, just missing you my bajan beauty
had to stay home while my wife takes my daughter and a few friends out to tokyo steak house - sadly my body is not cooperating today
**** typical. gh:m arrives just as i leave for work. it's going to be a long day
shakedown street!!!
hope you feel better! if your alone we can talk until your ready to go to bed...i'm alone too
this week meet me at offf, next thu, fri and sat. and try there mic and surface.
i'm on twitter now... how cool am i? and now let's go to mcdo
the weather is gross outside. it puts me in a bad mood.
coming to the end of a looooong day. good new is, i got everything done! bad news- i gotta wake up @ 4:45am tomorrow for work!
would love it if you guys toured here, really! philippines tour?
sometimes ... you just have to write it off ... and start from the top of your tweet stream.  the past has happened
[URL] - congratulations! you two are adorable. beautiful ring too!
i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds? no deal!
is sad she got her plans cancled
yay sing it loud wed, fall out boy, all time low and cobra starship on friday  win
_ ay beezy! finally lol its time to hookah so get off twiiter...love ya
_nyc hey sweetie. cnt go fri  but thnks so much
got the txt - holla when ya need me
it's too hot!! thermometer showing 25c at the moment
work at 6am. gotta go to bed soon
one more thing 'shattered' is an amazing song by o.a.r.
is going home after an awesome time with the peeps
omg. i got no sleep again. neighbors are building a deck & they've been starting @ 5:00am. i'm so tired. feel like i just took benadryl
just realized that chris lake was spinning in stockholm yesterday, and i missed it!
going to bed, with peter.
at the pub with the dog but seems to have misplaced friend with drinks
i'm a minute in and i want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. is he related to the shamwow guy?
he he ...happy #star wars day! may the 4th be with you  brilliant!!
sometimes all it takes to solve our problems is a fresh morning!! hope today is beautiful for you
[URL] - man i miss this truck so much!  had to return it cause it was 687.00 a month and 236.00 ins a month on it : ...
pleeeeeease pleeeease make me a dj drop
im in pain, ****
just got home. im so effin sad
really good concepts at #mozconcept. i *really* love to send something mine, but no time
nooo i cant be sick...not now! im about to go see my new nephew
strangely enough, yes.  but then it works for me, may not for everyone.
goodmorning world!
_ill i <3 my blackberry
strange there is a 99 char limit to tweets on ustream   (geogeektv live > [URL]
i use to own a 32 lbs tabby cat. got him for north shore animal league he had diabetes
word?? ima be there this summer....just move back with me  lol
watching my bro play footyball
i really want a milkshake. i have no money.
time for tv in bed.then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
loves the nice weather and 7:30 exams
son's 15th birthday this weekend.taking him out for a mexican meal and a major game buying spree.i miss the lego days
with bff _chrissy22 glad she got that dog out of here lol my stomatch hurts
i wish i could see dramafest so bad.
*sigh* off 2 bed 2 try 2 get these crummy 2 hrs of sleep b4 my horrid 12 hour day..smh. niterzzz evry1. don't let the twitterbugz bite..
got a new prom dress
i'm baking cookies. what are you doing?
my daddy left to go back home to texas  i will c him hopefully n the next two months
nice pc authority review of the tivo vod service here: [URL]  i'm still loving my tivo
thanks!!  my friends and i went and watched movies and ate chocolate chip pancakes at one of my friends' house. it was fabulous!
_mar_mey i want cake  is it chocolate!??
turtles and shoes make an awesome couple  if only shoes could talk back to the turtle :p lol
#ajax #php! just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! _chander made a mistake here
thanks! you know that happens once in awhile
star trek? me? nah. my dad is one for star trek right enough. today, i'm off to see 'corlaine'. much more my style shezz.
touchin the starss
phone disconnects my internet. right in the middle of an uber.  also, first tweet from inside of steam.
it has, however, got me out of doing the gardening - something for which i am eternally pleased
i know! i need a new iphone stat-- i dropped mine on the cement 2 weeks ago and a couple rows of pixels went out
yes, you should write an article.
my heart just broke a little ... and by a little i mean a lot
wife & i split duties tonight.wife headed to osu for daughter's ath trng rcption. i'm at son #1's school paper banquet.can't make both.
is walking to tesco with rhiannon and hannah to hide all evidence of lastnight
heard of. and you're the first to mention him to me!
is in serious pain.
off to work again. yo ho, yo ho, another day at the hell hole
haha good job getting close. her eyes are set somewhere else though
somebody smuggle me to sydney, i'll be your slave for eternity
well thats that then. exam failed and bsc gone
well atm anyway i'm only managing cos i have no musical talent ps horrible thing to say bout rove
go canada they made nikkie payne #1 comic well she is soo yeah but she is only funny to pervs or teens or people in my family
how come when i straighten my hair it has to sprinkle
on runway 2 hours
my skin is burning up so much
yen lol but i can only get the vid on my phone and ipod cant find the song  lol
yeah i'm kinda glad i did stay home
look, no matter the ethnicity, women are something else!  fellas, can i get an amen? *dueces*
watching almost famous with andrew, michael, and yolanda
yes bb  there are actually 2 of them, but the other one i don't really give a **** about.
i'm trying to figure out how on earth i am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. someone help meeee!
thx! hoping it's a good week.
i am sure every office has them. men and women with no capacity to realize they should shut the unholy **** up, christ
ugh. another 'what day is it today?' (5 most uttered words last 2 weeks for me) - missed a 10 yr old birthday & it was even on my ical.
looking forward to a session at the gym
nothing  it's sad, actually
hi to all twit friends  happy mother's day to all the beautiful and amazing mothers out there
have you ever realized you never fully have everything you want?  feelin' down.
sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date...
oh no! a lot of people are starting to tweet again! hope you could still read our multiple tweets  philippines tour, please?
time to be nerd
are you still angry with me?
i don't get it...
i'm so excited for mothers day!  this has been a big year for me & olivia, and she's finally old enough to be excited & understand!
haha i love the way u put it 'he lifts our feet off the ground spins us around and makes us crazier'
seriously though. amazing night.
do you guys like fish sticks?
my kids count down the days till saturday. i hope it's something they remember all of their lives!
ive got a cold too... it sucks  and u were awesome in ipswitch xd
lmao!!! ummm duh gurl i need to buy me some more v-necks i like em!!!
really has anyone got through to the finals yet? yeah was it i was stuck in class for most of it  loveyoufletch xxxx
lol watching big bang theory latest episode
got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless
hates putting in new contacts
shopping, grandparents, dinner with the bf  woop
oh man now it's raining...seatbelt now buckled...thanks bates for wishing i have a blow out and flip and burn up
on the way home.
there wasn't enough room for me...
yaeh! thank god im home!...it suekd and we were kicked out of a church.
exactly. she becomes completely incapable of anything unless he's there helping her. too many of those are out there.
felï¿½z dia de madres  | happy mothers day
happy mommy day teens-thanks fff
because you had chips and sale w/o me
in the bus... almost an hour late because of my crappy alarm clock  should be in leeuwarden at about 9:45
haha. hope u have a great laugh as laughter is the best medicine
i think at this rate.. ill be in class until 4... sigh.
green day is performing on snl next week!  sorry, that made me happy and i'm still all ditzy from the justin timberlake skits
thanks! i appreciate it  i know my unsubscribe list will grow tomorrow lol
i know.  there's no reason for any of that.
just dusted & vacuumed apartment.  i think i need another new vacuum...my entire apartment is smoky.  i just bought this one from kmart
another bday w a special friend
is too much of a bro
wants to dress up
bloody servers are down at work for at least 3 hours. want to go home now!
its great when locals stop you to ask for directions, and even better when you know the answer
am soo happy about today .. the going home bit sucks ,, but meeting everyone will be aceness to the extreme  lol,, am so cheesy :p
my b day is on may 13 but my party is on this sat  come you gays
@_alexajordan sigh. come to sac please. it is the miami of the central valley.
have you heard the song 'purpose' from avenue q?  your post reminds me of that.
watching jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  this will cheer him up though!
goodnight to all
i forgot how much i really needed music until i barely had any for about a week. but i have music now. yay!
aww tom, that made me smile  we love you very much too xd
anything i can do to help?
i could see your quote but not vote for it??
o yea? awwww, how sweet!! u r good kids!
apparently paige is partying with rose jenn and adam again, without me   my child has such a wild imagination.  ;)
_mazur hahaha...and i who actually thought you just were popular!
omg you aren't online. shock horror.
i'm so sick   bad throat and the worst toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!
itv plugging the special a lot. have a great night all of you, will miss your tweets when you come back home
ohh i know her from church .. she got me into mcfly
welcome back  see you tomorrow! come pick up your gift ;)
having to use ie =/ firefox is playing up and i don't know why  will try and fix it tomorrow.
[URL] - i love family guy  2 hours of work to go..
thanks for following !
i'm so confused about the weather, is it really gonna be sunny? or is it really gonna rain?
god **** you twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! stop eating my undeleted dms!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
poor me, just going to nap
sorry.  i'm a squirrellist, and i only talk to black or sliver squirrels.
you wouldnt change your fans for the world, tbh i dont think anyone would change mcfly for the world  you's are too amazing  x
having fun with all my dolls  tequillla...carne asada....and my mom dancing funny!
what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... im a good secret keeper
man, that sucks and i feel your pain... if you were local, i'd buy you a cup of coffee.
assignment actually looking pretty decent....so glad i changed my topic at the last minute
i would but i have nowhere to go and no one to go with
yay but u have no idea what you look like
_ebru thank you for the link...very cool...see you on monday!!!
too much sand in the sd 790 from pismo this weekend. another canon powershot broken. 2nd one in a year  what to buy this time...
it's my wall, and i like saying i banned zac efron  lol sonny
tomorrow night would definitely work
really?!?! it looks like its going to rain here but its all just gray.... la is a bummer sumtimes
thanks to  for becoming a follower
listening to my favourite song... allah ke bande hasde
bubble tea is awesome, it's been so long since i've had some
about to start getting ready for work.  took lexi out to the park earlier! wish i could lay around all day.
and now she also rides giant squids...who knew! ama hafta go now  i'll try and get on later, love to you ****
i'm out...
ohhhhh what a line
happy mothers dat
says karma strikes more than twice!  [URL]
no more mtn. dew in mini-fridge.
final thought for the day, does deodorant really make your lungs bleed when inhaled constantly? certain females paranoid about bo
fighting with mum on mothers day
great job!
ugh i'm so sleepy  i think i'm still kinda sick
aw  *hugs* sorry man.  if i were rich i'd buy u a ticket now!
is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like ****.
i wanna longboard but it's raining ughhhhhh
i hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: watchmen, dark knight, star trek.
ah **** ... my chest hurts now
would defo have done that but im already booked over t'other side of the country
everything.  *weeps*
seeing my brother graduate tomorrow. should be fun.
including myself... guess umma be partying alone yet again...lol..
i am so sick and tired of this on and off rain
no yonkers news posts until june 2 because the newspaper furloughed me
took a math test today. the day before the test, the teacher says bring your calculator. luke was confident. teacher decided no calcs.
yay to being smokefree! well done.
we looked at apartments this weekend.  found one we like.  hubby going today to try to rent one of the apartments.  crossing fingers
if hamilton gets a hockey team, i really think the name hamilton should be in the team name. if not, i'll be sad.
white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the new drummer  youre mean
oh no! i guess i'm officially a big nerd now. i heard the movie is great even if you don't like trek... and i do
i am slowly getting angry at this jon and kate plus 8 thing
the worst kind of news
finishing up at the studio  new songs up on myspace tomorrow may 5th
it is! ive done somethign like 200 updates today :s
i can't sleep.  amp.
whew.... finally home after putting in some hours in the lab. watching catch me if you can and eating cheese and grapes. good night
alcohol makes me tired. and i miss and want him so much. it hurts
is feeling sad... for some reason..  [URL]
sure wish the cat would stop hiding
so far surprisingly good responses. my dad offered to airbrush the old logo on the wall..but i think that might be overkill
all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular
didn't get to hang out with kaitlyn.
darn. no bacon
no sleepover tonight
the gigantic initial inertial to get oneself to work after a deadline
went to a muslim marriage for the first time in my life. came back with my stomach full of tasty briyani. really like it very much.
prefer 80's singstar. i know all the words!
yay! at least i'll get to see you next year! i'm sad, too.
just got off phone with black swamp bird observatory - no reports of connecticut warbler from metzger or magee today...
can't figure out how to reply on tumblr sorry! i don't get into nyc until 6/4 so i can't go to any events b4 then
making a mix! 22 minutes so far, aiming for 30 minutes  loving it so far!!!  dj sugarfree
wahahahaha!! i wanna naaaaa!!! well...hapit na i guess. hahahaha ) yes, now we all know!!! hahahaha lol ) narn! haha joke
i kinda forgot how much i love the darkness
ouchie  did u take some excedrine? thats the only thing that kills my headaches fast!
? already finished chatting . haha ..  ?
more #ecomonday   and me _fischer  now i'll go check out all the recommendations i've seen!
how do i get my cat 2stop killin rabbits? another headless (baby) rabbit n garden dis morn  live close 2field wher lots rabbits live
i miss my 8703
i'm on twitter! go me. i have no idea how to work it.
funny u havent showed me any love yet at all
listened to eyes on fire and enjoyed it.  thanks
been there, done that
now i have no sky until monday
i forget you're from venezuela! talking with you is like with my classmates.
missed you by 10 min, haha. went to sleep at 15 past, but had a major anxiety attack around 630 again. ugh.  boo
just got my bmth concert tickets  ? youknowimsofreshtilldeath?
just getting home from work...finally
most experts recommend that you exercise up to 90 minutes most days of the week. (two jillian videos)
thanks!  yes, this sudden downpour does seem rather freakish. is it really the end of summer here in the philippines?
lady thinks shes watching scrubs... delusional.  shes bailing on our plans
trying to figure this twitter thing out!   i'm quite excited about it
com'on dude always think that things can get worst
oh cool i can't wait!! yours are awesome!!!
going to houston and nola this weekend with . who wants to join us?
good b-movie... starship troopers is cool! citizen
lol... i've been in bk for over a year... going on 2 and u haven't come yet!!!
texting
is wondering where all her friends went...
can we trade weather? it's all gloomy today in la.
trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working
quiet day at work 2day.just had dinner. whats doin out there?
it was put on by our neighborhood, so just a little one. like 25 runners. i got 1st place, with an okay time. i was happy.
gaaaaaaasp i didn't know it will be the final one!!  sad, i've been reading those books for years
on my way to the airport! headed to nyc
jus skinned my knee. wat am i 6!?!?! hurts lyke hell tho. its always tha little ones that hurt tha most.
__hell beeeeaaaaatooooo!!!!!
dang, i need a bed in the bay area monday / tuesday night  anyone able to help out?
tip for today - the eagles are specials against the broncos, put your house on them
will miss nostalgia ... everyone please kick tushar
is sad clint hurdle got released. i liked him
is up, coffee in hand with laminate floor to lay then footy to watch and play, living the dream
yay!!! i think i found it and a few more
today was horrible. my sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day.
dinner party was great!  happy, full clients that is what i like to end my day with
two words: hot pockets. most delcious food ever created
_k why thank you ver much!  i appreci-****-ate the compliment. i do my level best, you know. can't let mother down.
you are welcome  i love cute stuff!
really? a good distraction now. i'll check it right. now.
awww thank u. feels good to be here
has the urge to go shopping.hmmm but i've got no money,how?
my phone is broken    & im too lazy to go to the verizon store to get a new one.. oh well i guess no phone for awhile.. aha
checking out twitter trying to find people i know....unfortunately no one i know uses this website
ok.....twitter is not near as exciting as i thought it would be!
doesnt want exams next week
i wonder if i should put a bet on cubs winning world series in 2015 due to bttf ii. i'd love it if it actually happens.  me = geek
come online! i need someone to talk to
i'm blue.  in other news, you will love tonight's dc!
its so sad! i wish i could stay longer! it the last time ill see you tonight  better not wear my make up!
alternatively you could spend the afternoon reading 'pride and prejudice and zombies'
brothers bloom won't be opening this weekend in el paso.  i'll just buy brick and enjoy that until i can watch brothers bloom.
i made an animated holiday card thingy. [URL] - shh. don't tell mom yet. it's a surprise.
home not well hate not workin
says good evening  [URL]
parrrtty!..playing twister and getting tipsy!...well everyone else is lol
oh yeaah.  we'll still be bffs  aha _marie.
aw no!  yeah i must say, it was very good haha
well, enough mushy family talk. to bed i stubbornly go.
ok, seems i need to remember what account i'm posting as..... that last tweet was a _fc tweet!
#freeagentapp free trial ran out today, cannot subscribe because abby accidentally canceled my card - still waiting for a new one
we are coming...won't be there til around 9....can't stay though
omg great day today went to a art thingy  and noe i really want a zune hd  and the bed part its raining  come out mister sun
i can't upload a picture. everything's too big
i even saw the news feeds of the archie website. but can't believe he'd choose veronica. i'm disappointed
yes!!
my flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle
_d zwarte maillot
my music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson, leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hour.
stupid folkestone cinema is only showing star trek 3 times, **** them
i'm off 2 dream awhile. thanks 4 everything tweeple. many blessings & much joy. peace, love & happiness 2 u all. hope ur dreams come tru
so bored.... couldn't go to a-kon...
i saw the note in faq about other languages.  any thing that would change your mind? need any help or anything else?
nope
just put all the original art for my comics into an album.  its really nice, except it shows how much i liked to cut corners to finish.
wow their is no pancake mix
yes!! cant wait. hope these vip passes help since people already campin out hahah
woot!
no idea
she should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   then she'll know what non-judgmental means!
i agree about the redesigned q13 site! looks great on computer & phone.
you are my apple and i wana take a bite
that sucks...wish we could get it there cheaper...   if you're in montreal, there's a cool shop that carries them up there!
sher is good. there were quite a few people that we didn't even get to see, due to me having court and rushing to see fam.
. too bad they never made it over here during the last ten years
no news on the kid. they can't find the parent!
honestly last night was amazing, everything was perfect
losing makeup bags is tragic...luckily i keep 4 in diff places but i gotta replace my bare escentuals  *tearrrrrrrr*
what about me?
would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  what to do now..hmm do i get the tarot cards out or not??
oops. cy's place is too near. trouble for me.
i wish it was summer
wow. way to be discouraged  idk anymore... fml.
funny you should say...am filling it out as we speak ;) cheers!
????? ,my latest obession.
yvonne, thanks 4 the #ffrecommend! lovely profile photo, you have! and i agree w/u on the 'what is sleep?'  lol! it's 5:46 am!
eating my tito's home made ice cream  yum!
i really wanna see the jonas brothers in novemeber but i need to find someone to come with me!  ****
squashed foot  ****
_ kk's  have fun eating lol, remember shaun loves you haha
i love the fact that it's a bank holiday monday and i can stay in bed
another gorgeous day here in pau...will be home this time in 2 weeks though, such a depressing thought!
tell everybody i said happy mothers day!  love ya! #1 fan love you miley you rock
why isnt my internet working
i only saw urs by chance. who else would have that name! think i'll b missing 2nite too.  thank god for youtube.
oh no  according to laineygossip, taylena is over!  bc of his fame?! gosh poor  two heartbreaks in a row :-/
fashion show is done & only one slip...now cooking & having a glass of wine or two
haha! you're so funny, mikee .. you're probably the only mike i'll ever like  *sad thoughts*
i don't have the fake fascination like i once did before. cause i no longer have to pretend i like you
that is soooo scary! be careful! we only have one kirstie!
happy mother's day
i feel like poop. i hate being sick
ok2  g'nyt? haha too early.
had lunch at bittercreek, they were out of hopnoxious  had sweetgrass ipa tho, so all is still right in the world.
trying tweetdeck, have seen, you are twittering with that programme, so i thought, i should give it a try
jamies free views dead
what! that's horrible! to purposely write about it to a bunny is just mean & cruel!    not to mention just plain tacky....
is sad that her brother is having a bad day
_keepsitreal haha awe. well right now, i could be at home but i have to be here. it's horrible  lol
why online one download this week?
lol what!! where is it!
redskins release jon jansen.  that guy put in a ton of sweat and bruises for the team.  he will be missed.    [URL]
dam it keeps rainin on me
will be mia until june 13.. finals
ahhh music to my ears!
having a light depression. just payed an extra bill from last years taxes... must find a country with a tax that is lower than 56%
waiting in line to get gas..94 degrees today
stunning business cards! ashamed of mine  [URL]
good to hear! i got a bit of a tan today too, which is unheard of for me- i am so pasty white all the time.  mostly i freckle.
anyone got any remedies for neck pain? haven't been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now
here why i like jeans  [URL]
paypal hates me.  it refuses to let me verify my account.
that was a fun bacontaco night
first night sleeping in my new home
being unable to have booze on a friday, indeed the entire weekend, actually hurts
you coming on myspaceee? if yr doing work though dnt bother
did not win kelly clarkson tickets. sorry cecilia. really wish i could give that to you! you so much deserve it.
congratulations penjiiii !!! are we calling him soulja boy or mcbaby lol
wtf!!!!  lmao!!! *just got hit in the head with bloody balls*
moving: nothing accessible. camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
_simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. don't let the negativity get to you.
blinded again
i want to cry at the thought of the nba season being almost over  next year miami!!!!!!!!!!!!
radio:active never gets old and never will  this is the 4th time i have listened to the cd (its on repeat) today, and still love it! =d
that drives me nuts.
incase i forget, happy mother's day to all you moms out there, and to my mommy. the very best one in the world
tonight's snl does not dissapoint. lol
morning. forgot my daily booth yesterday.. shocking! i want to sit in the garden today and read but we have a huge bees nest
finally leavin tha studio.made some really really good music! very pleased wit tha turnout  !
heading to the u of utah hospital. have a great day everyone
tried oprahs free unfried kfc and loved it  i went back for another try and topped it with boba and wolverine.chilled with pope,dave,ben
hey  its back!!    (robluketic live > [URL]
i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
had a really weird night last night and misses her friends
you should enter the giveaway then!!!! who couldn't use $25...i know i could
u mean vip this time ? coz of the kbs thingy ? haha..
has finally found her new flat.
i am the same... well peer trained, peer taught, peer learning
my favourite song tonight is cheer it on by tokyo police club
gossip girl & pizza on the way = thank you to my lil babe
**** i lost my star trek ring!    starfleet academy class ring w/ golden gate bridge on it.  got it as high school graduation present.
back home  had a great time!
checkin out what new on twitter
oh what a day it has been! stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!
no eggs today ... shame was looking forward to a egg and bacon sandwich
just got back from tori's. watching shark boy and lava girl
ok.. so what do you think of a snapshot befoooore the vid recording on seesmic so the ladies dont look like freaks? just sayin
just wanted to say that i <3 ur music(both the scene aesthetic n danger radio) hopefully i will get to see u guys 1 day
and miss fizzy duck loves hive mind too
hang in there! drink some hot coco
o dnt even like wearing  my skinny jean no more cuz of yall **** **** ni99as...
has her laptop, her spasy phone, her cat, her music on and her mother making her breakfast! lovage for you is that!
good luck on finals everyone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
youtube. ) really awesome quality, actually.
___ haha im gonna follow my dreams now  well...ur dream haha im still reading over it for the 90th time  :p
leaving for work.
oh, but grease is on vh1! it's almost over, though  [URL]
nothing, stayed home
had my first day at work and im not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is.. o well its a job
it's midnight - i'm outta here.  happy mother's day fellow mommies!!!  (and to non-mommies too).  may everyone have a special day!!!
helooo, how wos work pretty, hope it was alright and a certain individual didnt ruin it.
ugh work sucks. i could be with sher right now
eminem 3am ... freaking awsome!!! ... im going back too... seams like something big is inside me... and no...is not a alien
hahahaha yay!!!! lakers!!! and i would please like some of that dip!!
shite night, tomorow, i get to hang out with my little brother and neice, should be sufficient enough to change my mood
hehe i found ya
totally overstressed ... going to work now ... just want the college work to go away ... i don't wanna fail
dude i read that wrong! haha well good good. thanks.  but now i agree.
hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them
i will have spent my allowance at cybernet expo in sf by then  send me a dm with rates, tho, mayb cash flo bttr 4 me then
urgh.... feeling like **** today. bad headache, tired, blood sugars too high.
was at ruby skye last night as well! superb set by steve. the last hour was loaded with thrillseekers material old and new
it depends if you are having fun or not...
green computing [URL]
getting one of our field vehicles cleaned. looks like our action hero governor wants to give me another furlough day. how nice of him
home. tired. phone then bed.   good night tweeters, happy mothers day!
now aches & chills have joined the party. why couldn't the cold just go away? it had to get worse?
dude... that sucks! why would they tow it from your own space?
_boduch awww, you will get more friends on facebook. just be yourself and people will add you
rosie to the vet. routine shots and bordatella.
@__sandy i dont know! they sent out emails using my account about random stuff i didnt even understand i changed all my passwords
i wish i could go back to bed with
im a pleb  i had to take it out of the freezer.. and put it in the oven!
laptop pooped. new harddrive needed? using dh's old pc now. maybe offline a while  **** bsod!! happened too many times, safe mode only now
morning the sun is back!!! me like
good morning!! gonna clean the house a bit, then maybe clean some more, then do nothing for the rest of the day
office til around 6 today. good day yesterday...i have a bsc now
_online that's the sad thing about it.
bah dhcp server, why must you keep falling on your face
loves finding new followers
_chung oh get well soon alexa, take some rest
awesome, congrats on completing it! (i can't believe you cycled the distance to my cottage though in 1 day.  )
thanks everyone. unfortunately nothing can be done. the sales speak for themselves, and if that doesn't convince diamond, nothing will.
good morning!
my ipod has taken it's last breath... im truly devastated. i have lost my public transportation companion
sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad
haiiii sankq i'm fineee ima js get a checkup cos my rib hurts lol idk but i shall be fine ~ thanks
yeah, but george says something with his words. otherwise its just..... jiberish junk... love, joy,happy ahh see how nice
on my way to get some maggie moos peanut butter galaxy, then home! thank god this week is done. 4 meetings in 1 day!!!!
sunday sunshine track  ? [URL]
ms wee's wedding!!!!
its looking like the magic
finally home, watching saturday night live, then dreaming about my amanda boo
there  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's friday.
no sign yet
it's so cold out there! i've just lost my wallet
clever girl
<< finaly back to home..
@ kbal24 i am sorry that you are feeling that way.
why did reel big fish cover edna's goldfish
_joelted i will definately be there tomorrow
i've just realised. i won't be able to talk to any of you crazy cats on sunday. is sad now.
i am sorry.
is at the movies with the boyfriend!!
at the theatre.... seeing star trek for a second time becuase i am that cool
no, rather we're omg it's nearly monday
_pooh what kind of party do we got going now?
honored to tweet ya...
is drawing a picture for her bubba
chillin at a bbq gettin my drink on
you go to sleeeeeeepz
nooooo get on now! haha i'll be gone later
oh dear god, going to have to buy a mac and pro-tools, i think my darling edit suite is soon to be filled with prince of persia movie
[URL] - just took this for class just 5 minutes ago its awsome being here too bad i graduate next year
ps bgt was both fab and sad, i thought greg was awesome, sad he's gone but a child will always win in that situation sadly
did you put a spoon in it?
i really don't like this weather
i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water!
thanks again for coming out to support us  you rock!
im talking about twitter some more
still confuse...
yay! your face is back
are you tweeting while running?
for all the effort and time put into some of these relationships with people, you learn enough not to trust anyone...
i want all kinds of designer suggestions darl  any and all. mens, womens, anything! formal/street/alternate. whatever!
honestly i cannot figure this twitter thing out
no more spending the day chatting with steve on the computer   now what i am i going to do at work?
*happy to help*
missed the hello kitty  not enough time oh well
going to watch a dvd with hubby,'eagle eye', twit u all 2morrow, cia
laundry and loud music.... relaxing
lmao!i was just thinking how i **** hate @ least 3 people that i'm following...but i haven't unfollowed em' yet. i'm a loon.
currently working on a collab with alynn carter called lost inside which i'm very excited about
surfing twitter!
so my life has come down to nothing more then making choices ill only regret later
monday mornings couldn't exist if it weren't for some hot tea.
awww... it works ok for me.. but i have an apple laptop so it might be a little difference!!
soon my new job starts  i'm so happy!
i'm entering your contest
your making me jealous now  i want one! how long have u guys been married?
i'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this copy of sims 2 works...last copy totally bit it hard.
heading to sam adams brewery... but can't sample it when i get there
signed up for broadband today could take 4-6 weeks
i wish i was able to talk to you.
you are amazing as alice, as if she was made for you. thank you for everything! i now have a face for the character
started her new job today! aaand so stoked for may long..  and billy is awesome.
twittascope is not rocking my socks - go away already!!
yaaw some one want call with me?? 5529634599
late night...finally home.
just back from graduation.  two more doctors in the family now
ooohhh. i understand. i never get sick of her so im on your moms side  i guess your dad just likes what he likes....lol
lol yes she was.  i totally agree with your blog as well!
i can understand the fear. i feel that way about many things. you really need motivation to overcome it. mine was guilt
really tired this sunday morning  ****
i was expecting the sun to come out today. i guess that's not happening.
i'm having the same problem
kicking back in the holidays  no more school for a whiles
at the library  being friggin bored.
he brings sooo much joy!! show it!!  great song! ? [URL] [URL]
grrrr!!! it's back!!!!! and what i mean is my headache  but on the *       *        bright side....it's only on one side!!!! /\/\/\/\/\
_reid lol. it was the dissing of the were-octopus that did you in. however, he redeems himself by rescuing you from a were-spider.
been there, done that!!  ew!!
everything is your fault moxy...everything.   x
have a good show
today has been the longest day ever! going to sleep.. beach bound tomorrow  good night twitter
why is it soooo cold & ugly out??
i just wanted dippin dots
there are many jobs i aspire to, supervisor is not one of them  talk about too much stress for too little pay
whats your name: adelaide-marie how old r u: 14 where do u live: in the world  lol i jk, canada(toronto)
aw, zach wasn't feeling well  hope he gets better. so babysitting was canceled.
i never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. <cries> hope its gone by then
in math class now, about to shoot myself because its so boring.
_megan_**** same! like the kisses on nights when she wasnt up for eviction! they were very badly edited
i have test tomorrow but i dont study, then i go very bad
unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
i have softball
back from lunch and it's pouring rain! ugh  ohh well at least it gets me into a death cab for cutie mood!
sad. i don't know what to do with my life. everything i have done since the age of 16 has been towards healthcare and nursing
exchange story gone, yaaaay! on with sweet charity
thanks kashi! i was thinking the other day about how mad i am for doing myself a disservice by not taking 1 of ur classes.
is resting. ahhhhh. i feel good
oh man had great nap (still alittle tired) having pizza for dinner.
morning people!  just woke up now!
you know what they say about great minds...
that sounds delicious
haha, yeahh. im still following u tho,
woken up by a bacon and egg sandwich in bed - man i have good housemates
sad day! love you maï¿½ (8 years ago!) miss you so much!!!!
jumped on a train to visit or rescue my mom. totally forgot my sweatshirt  and forgot to bring my make up! first time ever forgetting :/
i can't see results for whyareyoustillhere
on way to work
hmm have to admit was a good episode and his man bag was rather fetching
check this video out -- bylaurenluke ~ make up launch~ they are here available now   [URL]
at shriya's
sorry my friend ... but  is paying the mortgage!
i have a headache. also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. my lovely hair has been affected.
_confidential i tried to use spinelli to turn him on to gh, but it didn't really work
trying to look up iowa state fair art entry information. hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed.
hey  nawwwww pity no show no more lol great while it lasted though aye   (robluketic live > [URL]
j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight
on the london eye. awesome but feel a bit sick. madame tussaud's next
walking the puppies downtown. also, mystery of missing cat solved: he hid himself in the basement for nearly two days.
your face makes people laugh. cause you're so ugly. so you're half-way there
_richards sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function
two dozen roses sent  overnight and delivered this morning. just found out the recipient is out of town!! sad
will do! tell my mommy i said the same n i love her mucho mucho!
sounds goood!
is chillin', listening to tunes
i think it starts at  7.30 with that david archuleta  i might just throw glitter all over myself aha ****
im at school right now
put me right off my scrambled egg breakfast  #fartingloud
is sitting in science freezing  four days (:
home now and added a few more grice's to my list
look at your followers... your tweeps list will then be fully populated
well hello twitters
never did sleep last night  feeling horrible today, time to call work i thinks...
evil credit card companies!!  god, and just when i was starting to *build* my credit again - i get this stupid 'ding' from them!
morning every1! giveaway at [URL]  mod kid emma pattern &$25 giftcert to hipfabric!! go check it out
&not gonna lie. it's 60 degrees in here. thanks for leavin me your sweater molly. brrrrr
goin' to casa milan's club house...
feeling bad for my little sister. put a lot of money into her saab, took full coverage off it last week, and totalled it yesterday
lol  i know what ya mean. watching everyone else act a fool is much better the  not remembering acting a fool yourself
_kate i know its heaps awesome. if your not working all weekend
63 days of summer holiday left, and they are going way too slow! when will school get here???
same to you!
oh, he's hilarious. i'm just commenting on the fact that he's there so much.
i'm on my mobile so it won't let me  but i can't stop thinking about you ;)x
hope you have a good flight
my parents withdrew permission at the last moment, i am not going along with tomorrow's sac trip to idp camps  #pakistan #idprelief
is almost pacing while waiting for ups truck with my package from ichiban kan -- probably not until 18:00 est
eeehhh. my right eye's twitching. gonna go and watch boystown.  happy birthday!
i break some rules and don't take tension for them  .....
too kind jim too kind brother
wants to be sunbathin!!
i can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy!  do you have toy story toys? 8-)
tired! i may have to go to bed. trouble is i miss all my american evening friends.     x
reds win! great end to a great day
watching the biggest loser on hallmark. never fails to make me cry  nyeh.
he's retiring from the tonight show  im so bummed. he was awesome ha. and congrats my dear
gourmet pizza = bleh. pizza is supposed to be greasy and filthy. you can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef.
i bought a italian horseshoe charm. dragon! it seems to be very strong
back to work
back home with my puppyy
there isn't any right now. they need to make more. sorry.
heading to bed. i think i'll read for a bit, propped up on fluffy pillows.
_newnew yea i saw the oil show u put on gotta i likes
hypnotyst .... hmmmm... i should beware..
[URL] - yeah..i'm bored xd i pic up this photo when i still have my guitar..today my mum steam me it  i miss nameless..
some1 said if your not online your a no1...if you are online your a no1.. can't bloody win  lol
pretty! i hope i win
cool dude! yeah i was hoping your rate was still $2.75. lol! yeah not sure when ill mar and par for my birthday dinner.
thanx
i've heard basment jaxx's new song 'raindrops'...that's fantastic!!! and makes me dancing  i can't wait fuji rock festival...
at least you get to watch lost on the way
soo tired.. still kinda angry that i missed the concert
...definitely the first time i've felt alive again in years. super happy
how in heckitty did i forget that one?
waiting for the el & listening to a little mjb 'just fine'. perfect song to start my week.
saying goodbye to my parents at the airport.  it was great having them around.
sometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word sucks really scares me
i will later today since i have a planning for today
says from now it will be impossible to plurk from work  system administrators closed the access in the firew... [URL]
enjoying my weekend with my sis  ****
last free friday.
i dont have a bank. i cash my **** at tom thumb. i've had four bank accounts--and they've all gone negative
bringing my kitty to the vet tomorrow, i think she's got a tapeworm.
but yeah i like purple maybe thats why!! ;)  :p :d
im in science!! very boring
is sat in her pjs drinking tea and watching the politics show. lovely
happy frickin' birthday!  try not to be too bitter about sharing your day with your lovely wife and all other mothers out there.
finally got the bike i wanted!
i really miss sebastian
very disappointed in him    gonna have to sleep it off....
still can't believe all of the gig posters in the little civic have been taken down!?
good morning to the world. hope everyone is ok
movie is pretty interesting actually. gonna finish watching it.  probably seeing star trek tomorrow. <3 zq. lol
nai nai baby. haha i didn't know that you have twitter but oh well
freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms
watching snl  gahhhhh will forte is soooooo funty!!!
thank you  and hope you are having a great day
reminds me of the weather a month ago it was horrible  i hope all is well hugs
is heading to work n its freezing!
pats in philly at 2 am. i love it. mmm cheesesteak.  miss my boyfriend   but i love vacation.
this thunder is scaring the hell out of me...geez...i hate thunder  we better not loose electricity... #fb [URL]
_angel84 awww i hope you feel better love...this weather is crazy...
creating your business in the us from france looks quiet easy
sorry  i wasn't doing the inviting...all single women i think.
well you scared me saying there may be rustling in the trees!  happy sunday to you sir
yeah same here... i have a bit of headache too... ick
that storm seems to be coming my way
family comes. probably won't be on this weekend
_ward i am
doodle whats wrong?
good question. nepal pm declaring to resign and actually resigning is two very different things .
12:46am. happy birthday little sister of mine. also, good night priscilla
_mexico hey hey. no problem.
watching nhl playoff game1 tomorrow night if anyone is interested, and i know that none of you are.
sometimes i forget that boys have feelings too
happy happy joy joy    is that good enough for you
__ aww bless her. she's one of my faves
dayum, tweets r coming fast, so likely missing a lot.    plz dm, k?  oh, is _stewart 4 real?
thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans
i understood you pre-coffee tweet  i'm good
think i'm gonna start writing a proper blog, can anyone recommend any good blog host thingys?
ouchhhhhh i burnt my frkn tongue
good morning work this morning gutted lol nevermind
using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. i can feel the rsi crawling up my wrist already  .
lol thanks!there scary to wear though
i hella wanted a sausage mcmuffin but when i gt there breakfast was over
wishing i could see n*e*r*d headline @ fest at depaul tonight
yeha i broke their page... damit... im trying to fix it how... hope you dont bank with communityfirstandtrust
goodnight all
great song even if i can't understand lol
watching hoping for haley
_daughtry  fyi canada cannot see the vh1 preview of the video
so i'm not seeing you this saturday?
_craig tried to follow one of your #ff recommendations but 'have been blocked from following by request of the user'
... money money money...      [URL]
happy star wars day, everyone! may the force be with you all, be you padawan or jedi.
_ they were some nice pics you have kept  there.. you seem to carry your cam around along with you..
making a video for hitrecord... hope it comes out well, it'll be my first record
i was rooting for betty.
stealth shopping - got wife b-day present while at mall together and she didn't notice - buy, hide it in car, back before she missed me
no news yet
listening to demi lovato  finished my new song!
feeling the need for more advil.
if there is one thing the internet has taught me, is that if i get enough people to listen to me i get to be on the colbert report.  #usa
is lonely in need of company
got my new phone - now to program everything since my old one had no memory card like this one
zzzz... i'm taking my mom out for breakfast tomorrow!  shall be quite a treat.
hulu desktop looks nice but not for my region
separate desks, computers, and sides of the room with short dividers...but, we're thinking we need them to extend to the ceiling
omj i loved it....it was a good laugh and frankie did a great job, and you guys did too ~agnes
really? i hate the mobile twitter..its hard to tweet with a sidekick
whole foods, barton springs, yogurt spot & the oasis = perfect day in austin.
akh! i woke up and missed so much of sayed hassan's speech
_gov hi gov!! how are you?
_hong  oh yeah, just came back from a weekend of cosplay photo marathons
nothing exciting from me tonight....got some new toys to play with though  happy mother's day ladies
just got home from school lol 2 1/2 weeks left yay!!! then off 2 summer school
hahaha. no, i haven't. i think i'll reserve it for next weekend. have some paperwork to do. or maybe tonight!
nice work buying coda dude! it's a great app! unfortunately, i bought it when it was the full $99usd  #jealous
home. got some nice plugs but no chipotle
hi everybody! i'm having my lunch break at work and enjoying a nice cup of coffee!
yo i'm just on the computer
dropped off baby a for her 1st day in the toddler room this am.  she's officially a toddler.  growing up way too fast
april showers bring may flowers, yea
i'm watchign the garden from the window...far too hot for me
i know its such a shame  i think they've got a good chance & i hope they do coz they are different aren't they & great :]!
_surprises no it's not ready
its time for me to pack up at work now and have not had much time for twitter!  thank you for any follow fridays. be back later!
i just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football... twice. now i bleed
every element in the dom with children is a single parent
miss u m8   we need tae have a catch up n that
speedbumps suck when u gotta piss!!
how are you convinced that i have always wanted you? what signals did i give off...**** i think i just lost another friend
i want to see terminator, but everyone's already seen it
thanks  #sigjeans
pre-order collection is launched! everything below $20  visit us now [URL]
at least posada had a good ab
ah  sameway yet, has 2006 votes ((.we need more vote :'d
ill come to the shop in like an hour. i need to get a pedicure but i dont have time today  probably next week tho!
watching the twins handle the mariners again!! whoo-hoo!!!  tony [URL]
moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors
i sawn it three times
@_writersblock_ i'm sure you are.    toasties wasn't far behind.
aww bradie loves perth  i love the ad at the top of his page too lol ****
lmaaaooooo that is horrible. poor thing
do you need to go on a bike ride?
nothing good at the five dollar sale.
...love and wanted to share with my followers. feeling inspirational. ive had a long day.
cant wait for prom and after prom party on friday
hmmm...chinese delivery it is. altho, how will i order? i can't talk!
jumpstart! wotd: jape qq: are you comppetitive, overcompetitive or not competitive at all? write your responses here!
i do feel bad for him too. especially na ngayon pa siya nagrerehab siya and all. wrong timing. still, maybe he had it coming
wow, it's so early. just had the best conversation.
revision...what fun...still i have thursday to do basically nothing
i meditate, i feel i am vast, very vast.  do you know it?what do you think about?
feels at home to be back at church
apple's ads aside, i'd rather have recommendations from real people who have real experience with the iphone apps i seek.
makeup + cute dress = i'm ready to go
road trip ftw  am playing with trains today so it's all good here
is off 2 bed. gon force the sandman 2 com do wot he do since it dont look like there's gon be any partyin 2nyt
hello there
got six feet under series 1 on dvd
ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it...how did the test go?
oh mann das ist super lustig  du armer... macs age 2 months, battery charging no. garantiefall...
morning michelle  how's the oatmeal ?
is home from marco island and missing it and my girls already...back to work!
you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  i am cry now too.
how do we know if we won?
im good ta. bit tired cos i've been wking all wkend but other than that, all good  how's you?
bud light?!?!?!  up in massachusetts and no boston lager?  guess i won't catch the next flight   njoy!
oh man, i feel sick. as in i might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on thursday
i'm having exactly the same day you are, man. just buried over here  #followfriday
early(ish) night tonight - i'm doing overtime at work tomorrow again  boo for working on a saturday!
nothing like 10p to kick-off the bank holiday, dig the haircut luke! next stop...selfridges
just remembered i still have a summer project to do.  it never ends!!!!!
have a good time!! sadly that means i'm probably gonna have rain
re-pinging _b: is it pathetic that my mom is my best friend  hell know i talk to my mom bout everything everythinggg
yeaaa!
sorry everybody! apparently twitter isn't sending me my updates.
dood - they've locked down your vimeo wh video.
happy mommy's dad mommy  watching the football  yay the eagles are winninggggg  they better keep it up *sigh!
needs to find something to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything!
no fair
[URL] i get good download speed only when no one else is using the connection
loool sheridan ive got swine flu but im still coming into skl tomorrow same way  hehe
is looking for a job
very tired! dinner good, then churro's were good!
aaaa! i need to work today, why cant i ever get the weekends off? it makes me want to cry
is thrilled prom went well
thanks **** it went really well. i'm tired now though  hope you spoiled your mum-in-law
its been a slow day at home, one of my kids is sick  .  this little picture cheered me up [URL]
morning. i closed out eur/jpy 132.25  @ 132.00 and place a stop @ 130.55 @ 131.55. that 132.25 was executed while i was asleep
doing some diy- i'm dying mg clothes black again...save some money
lol!  too true
_mandarich well welcome back from the dark side!
getting one of the lil gem's ears repierced after work today- definitely dreading it
aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
2 more days till half term is over
; re: home - that's exactly what i meant... home in d-town. ;) also, re: computer... uh... i brokt it...
i am so excited you're touring with fotc! i had no idea!! i'll be seeing you tomorrow
good afternoon.  [URL]
you guys need to get on me. it's been 2 weeks since i've went on a cache hunt  #geocaching
epsilon greater than zero misses her mommy.  [URL]
no    i kind of miss my first main.   male tauren shaman named icewater stuck at 61.  maybe i'll fetch him one day.
thanks janis
i love fly with me, live chats and don't like being sick.
it is so unfair, hustlaball, us citizens working here, personal appearances expectations, prowler, can i do that there?
viviann's all minee. yummm
pretty bummed that it had to rain last nite! oh well  still had fun! goldfish is highly overrated!
just found out that one of my coworkers in st. paul (who i actually know and talk to) got laid off. this blows.
morning all  sun is shining, birds are singing - time for a cuppa t in the garden while reading tweets  [URL]
??? weekend standby duty??????????????????????????????????????????????????
yeah i can imagine!  not nice   how much longer is your shift?
holy cow! archie andrews finally marries veronica lodge.this is not what i thought will eventually happen in my 6th grade  awww...bad, bad
i hope they come
i wanna go home
not addicted, just sociable.
happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone
thanks! good morning
calling debby ryan!
knight online come back
) i can relate to the frustration.i ruined my wp blog many times during updates.they warn you a few times.'back the ^$!@# up'
it's iq is high when it comes to knowledge about how to swim round'n'round in the bowl...
one of them is
wow i love how we have no headache medicine in this house.
hope you mom is okay
hermits, such as myself, like to stay in
hi, i hope ray is o.k. please give him our love and hope he returns soon. hope its not too bad
morning folks! light tweeting today ('hurrah!' from the crowd!) 'cos i've a busy friday. me inside, sunshine out.
watching the nightmare before christmas <3 ask me if i care that neither halloween nor christmas is any time soon
got an email from  telling me i could have got my monday flight to sfo cheaper & biz class if i had booked it tomorrow
@_everblue she actually posted again to say that it was the 2nd and not the 4th, so nevermind.
yep. that good feeling didn't last.  back to sleeping for me.
this is too much lmbo (litterally) i have to stop b4 i lose my twitter buddies
had one of the greatest days ever! spent the whole day with besties & celebrated installs with the friends i love oh so much  <3
according to tweetstats i tweet more between the hours of 10am and 3am with monday, sunday and saturday filled with tweetage!
_lisa ...one online? yeah, me
just had an orgasmic sandwich
eating cheeto puffs
happy mothers day to my mom & all the other mommies / moms to be! have a qood one ladies
so jealous...see if you can get some dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!!
oh, and i'm obviously back on my stupid sleep schedule. luckily church isn't until 2 tomorrow.
trying to save money for an ipod touch!
aw! tear! i feel special to da family.  haha thanks girls i love yal
ermm, more like a full black upper half.  and some a completley grey
i remember the show... i don't remember the hiccups...
whyyyy hellloooo! thx 4 checkin up on me  how r things? [URL]
editing pictures
he was soooo great!!! loved him! he was so good live, haha it poured on us though... makes it that much better!
anybody to have good tips for budget lodging in tokyo?
_archie haha it's ok. glad everything's good. happy always! woohoo!
if everyone constantly retweeted that it would make it!
here i am!
aha! well i'm from ashington and going back to my old school in sept. which will become northumberland c of e academy.
yesterday was awesome ! sunny day, best friends, good food & tons of fun - what more could you ask for ?
got to final table, but....went out third.  don't think i'll be getting my free seat
i'm tryin not the be boring today . . . i just can't seem to come up with thing to say
oh, ew. that's too bad - after not using this certain lip gloss for a long time i just tried to wear it - literally making my lips burn.
aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her.
all i want to do is sit back & relax for a little while. how can that be this difficult?!
misses driving already
sleep....good night tweeties!!! down to oc tomorrow. i hope and pray that rachyl gets better soon!!!
watched australia last night and got to say bloody fantastic film with the added bonus of hugh jackman  definitely a got to see movie.
i thimk you were working on those muscles we love so much.
omg that is toooo funny!
thanks to good friends for coming out, hanging out and being our ears out there, you know who you are
[URL] - ?s this your house ?? the dog is really sweet
greg d: you should have cried too :l you could have got through!!   i still love you greg. #bgt
at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!
finally finished my marketing project only took me 7 hours..now just hanging out and relaxing
well i hovered over the button lol not - sleep well tiff and you are welcome
my new design portfolio is finally on the web: [URL] - still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now,
oficially back to work, all systems up and running smoothly
thank u, thank u, thank u for everything this weekend!! u guys are amazing. i'll see u again at alpine! thx for chattin w us 2!
up way too early for a sunday.. watching old episodes of grey's
- thank you - i take that as a compliment if i may -
you're still welcome - the door's wide enough for your zimmer frame
ah, i'm so sorry it  i played a game of psp with my friend tonight, and returned a while ago.
thanks amigo!
ugh... dunno why im just not in the best of moods... how do i know if i have allergies? meh...
wow, got killed on first wave of horde on gears. fail
**** qw
one's gone to my husband who's going alone  other i might just leave at box office under a random name for anyone...
laura elle s'en fou elle don't like the french fans
wow 2 months since i've been on twitter... supposed to go see maat in pa but the james is sleepin
unfortunately not
the goonies. projected. on a garage door. with my friends. amazing.
i'm chopped liver.
were you able to watch it online?!  i hope you were!  and yeah, belinda jensen was really good
paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol
feeling lonely and in need a a good friend
ok, shortened urls are fine and all but, please, give me more context other than just 'cool'. not everyone has 'url-auto-expand'
yes, actually there was some jam twitter traffic yesterday... but it can happen. don't worry
the toaster oven was my fault. now i'm going to look like an idiot in front of my father.
ok cristal we gonna tweet talk again when its not so late...just follow sweetie....tweethug 4 ya
#mikeywayday? count me in
[URL] - btw, concert was freaking awesome
lol, such a dork. hmm, is that book pretty good? maybe i should check it out. that's why 4gb sucks  8 isn't much better.
love to but  already got plan  going to queen mary !
[wrong!]  thanx  your the awesome! [URL]
happy mothers day to all you mothers out there!!  i love my mom! goodnight everyonee!! ?
just about to eat, home made indian food is boak  x
_seattle i totally 4 got about golden girls that is a gr8 show
_**** i'm just about to start the second one  theres only two up yeah?
decided i should study  (finger down throat making gaging noises) hate mfs!!
being lazy the rain does that to me  gym&&tanning is possibe, work && a small social gathering around tha corner
you can't make it down to nyc at all when i'm there huh?
_is_one84 those suck so bad.
welcome back! i'm stuck in jury duty today.
rught brb on me ipod. if i randomly go off its cos me internet breaks
morning newt...hope you are well!
is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already!!! (yes ok its only been like 3 hours) haaa..waaaah
relaxing after a busy week and a tedious saturday . . .
can't wait to be at home again.. let the sun shine and warm my frozen bones, please!
_kelly pj days are the best days
i thought that there was going to be another def jam fighting game, but then it turned out to be crappy karaoke game. i miss the fighting
morning. off to school... ickkk!
if you keep up with the 140 character limitation, you will soon be writing more like shakespeare, than a garrulous fourth-grade scribe.
if only they weren't in shelby twp
man, the french open has been on for a week and i haven't had the opportunity to catch a single match
guys. just got someone with saran wrap. tuesdays video shall be awesome
thinks that pipers molars are cutting thru  we had a nice lil nap me and the girl...now just another friday night at home w/ the lil ones
not funny
oh man, that sux... price u pay for being on the org chart (and responsible, and stuff...)
apparently i'm not meant to take dance lessons here
brad fastings is my favorite person to hang out with from 12 am to 5 am
good one
your such a riot!!    you go girl!!
aww i'm sad  i didn't get to go to your going away party!  stupid work!
i want a burrito but i still have 30 more minutes of work
#volvicchallenge tesco dropped off my 14 bottles today  props for doing so on a bank holiday
leave fraser alone
meeting up with karen and the boys for some drinks at the dock!!!  all i wanna do is drink though..    **** it like andrea said! haha
its gloomy in la no sun  but its nice
no wonder your running son....
twitter is kinda confusing , but fun
i know right, that's so weak  but the g1 seems most like the sk i think. latonya is lamesauce, just call her that from now on
but he looks so much better with short hair
i tried both.  is unstoppable.
i wish i  would in california.....i m so sad
whats with you though, you sound a bit down yourself.. not your boiler again is it
watching bolt with my brothers and my mom.
i'm bummed that i didn't get tedx tickets
watching alias from the beginning... approximately for the 117th time
what happened to the weather??
sad thing is samsam loves my sexy crooked body! and she wants to **** it now
yeah i know. i need to get back into twittering. just haven't felt it.  but yes. thank god for txtin. i would miss ya more
and i thank you.
rain rain rain go away come back next week when i'm gone (via ) raining lie crazy in the keys
i guess  cant request  the same song though
hm... tweetdeck has lost all old replies.
don't let the sun catch you crying - oh my.. so cool  [URL]
rain on my parade of beer and fire
turned my alarm off this morning because i thought it was saturday. had to rush to get ready for work because its def not saturday   #fail
busy.. busy.. busy.. :s wont be on ning for few days.
'jaunty jackalope' 's too boring a name; 'intrepid ibex' is still my favorite among them all ...
......when i find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. they'll pop up
seniors done  5 more days!! woohoo!! going out for the night.
who said i can't wear my converse with my dress?
bank holiday mondaaaaaay   exams tomorrow  d:
gonna head into the shower now...  going to a friend's birthday party =]
going to bed, no plans for tomorrow, just hanging around  good night people <3
i bet they did  some people have no ideia or standards  have a lovely time the pair of you
ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
i have a belly ache...
sadness. you could hang out with me and feel less apathetic.
school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day
wish i lived in or atleast relatively close to ohio!   haven't seen _troy or _mcloven in almost a year.
star trek was pure awesome! love it!!! <3333  it was so great seeing you!
feels like warm things
aw man, half term isn't long enough    lol!
last day at the ko olina.  off to north shoreee(:
i did laundry tonight too.  guess i can admit that now that you paved the way.
was meant to go play cricket but can't get a lift so i'm now stuck at home watching the apprentice on a lovely day  [URL]
just saw star trek...one word: bombtastic!!! go see it if you haven't already. p.s. i love jon cho!!! haha
i must admit when i first saw that name posted i thought it was an exploit attempt
you have my vote  want to see gino in drag. please post pictures.
not worth it! i love the free version for the iphone though!
nope wasn't kidding at all.  sometimes i think of you as forest gump (during his running years).
oooh... that's right by the zoo... think... in 2 months' time that could be our regular other meeting place
fight club 10th anniversary re-enacting. nice tattoos  [URL]
so ... still finishing errands for a trip tomorrow morning where i have to be at airport at 6am.
have 3 of the 5 grandbabies again today. 19 month old twins and a 3 1/2 month infant. i love every minute of it too.
if our office bldg. sells we will move to another smaller one that we own, but will lose the gym
what you doing?
get that fixed, after few years it can worth some thing
too late  i'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????
not pimm's in a can?
everyone vote for miley cyrus for the mtv movie awards because i can't that doe't work at me i'm #frustraded :@
sounds like an episode of tv wine library with .
last night, bad guys tried to enter in my garden . i was alone and i really got scared. now, i feel really stupid. not funny
molly keeps punching me cuz she sees yellow cars. i'm gonna be covered in bruises. i don't like this game
no worries..  going to abp right now. want something?
_lou27 i have moved through to edinburgh from glasgow - new flat, no phone line or broadband
i need to wake up earlier so i'm actually tired enough to fall asleep
watching french open tennis - sad to see venus make an early exit this morning!
yay!! that's so cool  aww that woulda been sweet, no worries though! i'm just glad you had fun!!
enjoying the nice couple dad with my brother to bad we never really see each other anymore...
oh no! hope it's not as bad as it sounds!
i go into the room for the first time in weeks and you're off cleaning
hey, thanx for following me, i'll follow you
i got ill and tomorrow iï¿½ve got birthday...
i don't do very good at funerals. crying is way 2 contagious for me
missing taylor like crazy  cant wait till he's back
lucky...and a wife who loves me.
that's it! my local coffeeshop has sold me **** stuff for the last time... i'm quitting!
we should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
wondering where all the money i earnt this financial year has gone... i can account for like 3 grand but wheres the rest
maths and science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!
final final of the semester
start work 2 moro at 6:30.  not looking forward to it
it's starting to look like the  website may not happen in any form
en route to minnebron, where cell reception is notoriously unreliable. until i tweet again, have a great day yall
i hate life at the mo, it sucks
whats going on tonight?!?!?! lets partyyyyy!
i really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not!
check out my twitpic telling people to buy your album!  [URL]
4th time in 1 month that i'm spending time , for a broken airco this time.... sigh, great with this weekends weather
haha me tooooo! i miss you i havnt seen you in ages
have to walk to school, and i have two welts on my thighs!
the flowers grow!!
the best job in the world & yes its in australia  [URL]
life is over! just went to get tickets for all time low, sold out  anyone got spares or wanna sell me theirs?
yeah it's friday but i have to work at 5am tomorrow  oh well going shopping afterwork
i love flock on ubuntu
morning tweeple! i'm a bit sneezy today
i think my book is gone forever... we mourn forever  ****!
from top down: 2x2924, 1x2610, 3x2500. then an 1841 and two desktops. more gear to come over time of course.
are you in kl? i am  up for a drink?
no dice...i searched it in the 'help' area...just a problem some people have.  it would have been hot...oh well
anyone got jbs live chat vid? i was @ school  i saw joe hug and tackle nick lol
so most kids love my dark hair some say that i dye it too much and they never know what color its going to be  yea me hahahahaha
wow, i didn't realize my seats were so far back.  i hope i can enjoy the show enough for what i paid for the tickets.
someone take care of me, im so sick
i'm depressed ! i want to know you and kiss you all
i am never going to get these pictures taken
so, what's so great bout your so called 'wonderful love life'?  for god sake, w-a-t-e-v-a!
downloading the right/real speedracher now.
home now!
omg that is awful! $12k??? wow     our pyr figured out how to open a doorknobs one day by crushing them in her jaws and
hearing a surprising news about my bestfriend...where are you sis ? you have to tell me the whole story
got a lot of shopping done today...really excited bout my new travel journal! going to go to sleep watching a movie with my cousins
i wanted to go for my birthday...
heeey heeey!   about to go read...
ugh, not yeeet!  it's like, in a week, too... =/ i'll keep trying!!
freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezing **** im so excited to see you soooooooon!!!  lets go see 17 again again yehhaaaaaaa!
back from the pub, want more peroni
hey padster...it's a dirt track.  thx for the info! i got 3 miles in
is off to somewhere.
it's a an mk mentality...i think
outside for just about 1 hour, the sun was bloody hot - no tan  wait for monday then will spend around 2 hours outside ;)
ty my friend. yes ur right.... a daughter is a daughter forever.
missing my mother... t-11 days! happy mother's day!!
once again, i'm dealing with cancer in my direct family. bugger  cancel sucks!
going to church  god bless you all.
this water horse movie is totally making me want to go to scotland. i want a water horse  lol
don't worry, i won't  i'll send it to you as soon as i land in delhi. i'll let you know about the price in a little while.
[URL] - haaha, my bangs are kinda long..? oops
my birthday is in 2 days
standin in a forest, just got the maddest photos taken
morning everyone! going to a gig now, then a run. update you all later
i have been called by my friend the bed. it is time to acknowledge the inevitable.  goodnight all, hello sleep
i am listening this song 'shattered' by tynisha keli   www.myspace.com/tynishakeli
used a spare usb flash drive as virtual ram for my pc. now its got 5.6 gb of memory
wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor..
@_supernatural_ [URL] - mishaaaaaaaa!!!
i really hope you see my tweets. sent you so much, i swear. do a tour in the philippines, please?  *prays*
a delay until midnight  bloody thomson!!!!
tired and bored, watching movies while i'm home alone
what r u doing tonight bro?i wanna go out
currently 52ï¿½ in msla, not a cloud in the sky, no humidity, gonna get into the 80s today, and i'm...working.
i am off to bed now....my family has a wonderful day planned for me today      happy mother's day
on the way to santa monica
grew fat today  gss was so hxc i saw a full house chanel, jc, pedder red and ferragamo! how great is the economic downturn.
you really have to come to ireland some time! we love you over here <3
just got a bunch of presents in the mail from my mama! so excited to open them on my birthday... 3 more days!
its gonna be a great week! dallas next weekend!!!
that sucks
i want more but its just so bittersweet lol
i had fun this summer
i hate going to work on nights that i'm in micro.   at least i get to work with !
i did?!  yay! where did i get that extra ï¿½300 from? hmm.. anyway  i'm going to be partying hard when i get it
yea, feel like im bein ignored
traveling to l.a today to see grandpa in hospital..yet another road block to cross fro my family
_b if you're in leeds you can have one from me
[URL] this is  how it looks at nights
omg  poor eppy! i hope she is ok. that is so scary and wow i can't believe no one noticed.
just finished taking world geograhy final!!! i think i did bad!!!!
thank you jonas
ur really the sweetest person ever! thanks for making everyone's dreams come true..(p.s) my dream is for u 2twitter me back  x
_m thanks for remembering
i'm going to ask waldi. i hope he makes a new keyword for me
took a long nap...i feel like i should still be asleep
i wish i could find my camera cause i really wanna record some too...
_bayliss naww... when should we go on mega scotter?
has a headache already?  boo
writing a song
enjoying 'gears of war' on my pc ! this game is really gooooood
the best day ever. i met the greatest 10 year olds. but i will never see them again.. ahh. i'll miss them (i saw them 1 hour xd) sad
if you see it at nova on a monday, tickets are only $8
hooray! your avatar is back! wil go and put it in the gardeners zone now
yu th? trang nï¿½y xem  [URL] (recommended by )
you're a big man for embracing your tears
oh man. i have been sick all night. i feel awful.
i hate this weather  i wanna bake
ahahah with sandy, bekz, erin and derrian
oh i hate the rain... and septa... and leaving my dog
listening to weightless by all time low. thanks to  for making me listening to it!
woofers, i knew it was you
twitter is acting weird
dang! i just ran over a bunny on the way home.  why do i feel so bad? and why do i have more compassion for animals than i do humans?
gotta a lot of work knocked out on the project but there's one feature that just refuses to work right. can't release next version until
haha i wish! i have 1 filling that broke and 1 cavitie that needs to get fixed!!!
just hope the tunnel is wide enough that you can get out of the way!
hey guys! can i ask; what item did u guys put up for ur talent show? i am such a big fans of both of you! whoo!
watchin grease 2 and waiting for 9 to hurry up and come so i can talk to my girl. ugh..... it seems so far away...
i got peanut butter in my beard  it felt weird after... and axe body wash burnt my eyes... but now they're okay.
i just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now
awwwwwww. you two are the cutest.  and gods, i love your hair.
did you see my message mandingo jr.!!..lol. i hope its music i'll like.
i jus found my i.d. finally ; it was in the lint thingy in the dryer lol its all bent outta shape now  im mad
auntie diane wins quote of the day 'and hes the incredible hulk'
ohhh ok. so like, it's more frustrating? i had my hands on a 3g iphone last week but it was upgraded so i couldn't unlock it
yay!! we'll all move!! sorry dh is being grr...  ****
baking win! thanks for that!
me too i hate revision
just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors
mmmm, shower.
yay, you get to ride on the tow truck. how cool is that?
just helping myself to some caramel digestives
ben and jerry...yummmmy!!!
i want a dog or a cat or something  i want something to unconditonally love, thats not materialistic or a family memeber
eating breakfast and drinking coffe - strong coffe!
lara, thank you so much 4 the #ff recommend!
iï¿½m boring - bad weather today, watchingn alias and having fun  with my boyfriend
@_everaldo on my macbook i run linux with parallels and on my imac i use vmware fusion and both are great, especially in 'unity'-mode.
oh it just takes me after i sign in to an error page
the pictures tells me me that u were surrounded by adorable children!  hehe
will arrive tomorrow morning at 7  #early
_ofoz cool, catch you laterz!!!
haha me either but like ive always loved hilary  shes the girl id turn **** for  haha
, just dont understand what's it got to do with me. i'm just a nice girl
we're no longer in biz together. the one thing that survived was our marriage. not so good with the in-laws, though.
if it makes you feel better i lost 10 overnight cause i posted a picture of a baby
you are very welcome
happy mother day janey! even though idk if your a mommy!
sorry i didn't go  jesus wasn't feeling it. and you know i can't see it with out my best bud. well that movie anyways
and this is what happens when swine flu gets to all of us.  [URL]
can't tell you how thrilled i am to have just had a nosebleed.  first time in ages.  overjoyed doesn't cover it.  urgh
i feel like ****
blerg, **** you monday, why must you always come.  decent weekend, new glasses, hair color and got carded at gamestop = awesome ego boost
i'm so proud of dr. house for detoxing.  his amber hallucination is evil!!
that's a shame really
listening to the best days of your life by kellie pickler
wants to wish all the moms a happy mother's day.  hope you're all treated like queens!
i had fun at daisy's mexican fiesta .
: thx for the follow!
i hate hiccups
is skyping with family
at work and it sucks big time
prom was awesome.
you meanie! the one time you go to lux and i wont be there!
update 100
_m make sure you watch in hd
friends! come over and give me a massage  i can't sleep.
_wockeez i wanna go! but i won't be there  i'm sure that the show will be great!!
i got a messgae but it didnt work cause i have a text saver not like money credit  im sad now. wat do i do?? xoxo
its raining! boo
on our way to st. martin!!! vacation for a week
note to self: never ever leave the macbook pro on the stupid icurve. it fell off.
the bag looks stylish. congrats!
pulling articles
my dad just told me that he wants to put me up for sale on craigslist
yeah i like it
dfizzy if you ever read this uh i got one question for you ^^ would you ever date a fan?  lmao!
so i've organised a day of indulgence & luxury for her. a pamper day  fingers crossed she likes the surprise..
it's lying
grrrrrrrr................
i misss my phone,
in chicago until 8:20  ...just landed xoxo
i'm jealous. i have so let it slip what with the baby and all. not sure i could even do a half right now
i have had the william shatner version of rocket man in my head for 3 days now. it's **** distracting
im doing great thank you
they can't be in their carriers anymore?
week-end is over and now it's time to get back to work
good morning folks 13 more days to go! and sadly 2 more days of the giro  but that means the tour is not too far away
_caruso so i took the polish off of the nail of the finger the door handle murdered earlier, and well... it's not pretty....
i'm emailing my best friend deanna with my yahoo account. emailing is fun.  <3
i'm thinking of a dawn shot of carlingford lough, the sun will be in the right place this time of year. involves an early rise tho
nope
is fairly upset at the fact the twitter/bgt session will have to commence without sam..
cop me some
looks like i'm on tea duty all day.
great!  i was hoping to run under 40mins and ended up doing 39:07  woo hoo!  gotta love the c25k
waiting for my mom to get home
im going bed i dnt feel well as always
stupid twitter - now i'm faceless ...
just had some babi pangang. now off to friends. tomorrow it's working time again
well let's be blessed together then too! yes, i feel better, but i would be sick again though if my little was spared.
ok that's subtly saying i'm no longer a fave  temme 1 thing - did the firangs steal your vocab? ur eating words and how!
yeah, i was always changing my hair color in high school.  i've pretty much worn everything lol. some good, some baaaaaaaad
offically in dc .....  missing my numero uno
aren't randoms what it's about?!!!  i love that it's star wars day - i didn't realise and i can't believe it's almost over!
_brad oh, cuz id like to use it on a whole heap on bitchy girls i knoww
my brother is planning on moving to vietnam and staying there forever..
wants new moon.  ahh im going crazy.
it's too hot. i hate summer  #harrymcflytosing
i work with drunk golfers, it can be exciting! it wasn't bad  yours, sir?
hahaha  really, i'm just trying to figure out the last time he was on fb by looking at all of his friends pages
its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards
ouch acid reflux hurt too...
why not?  its the most retarded thing someone could do at their 16th, and you know me- i like to be retarded. 8(
wishes it wasn't a bank holiday so he could be on the radio this afternoon... but at least he has another week to come up with some ideas
[URL] - i can definitely appreciate this. the simple things that make my day...
that version is not compatible with vista.
try have a read of the paul mckenna book i can make you thin, it has some good advice on how bad traditional 'diets' are
yeah but i was trying to send a msg to you  :s also trying to put a pic on but it aint happening   do they have to approve it or summit?
i love music so much that i've gone through pain to play :s my sides of my fingers now are peeling and have blisters from playing so much
ugh, migraine.
happy mothers day  breakfast with the fam <33
oh no, that doesn't sound good! better get it checked out.
where are all ma bestfriends at ? , mia or wat ?
wooo am recovering from running race for life yest!!! i managed 36 mins 44secs, not bad for absolutley no trianing
,,,checked del's new blogsite!!! yahoo!!! im just excited to what it will bring  go del!
at the dmv uhhhg!
that would be an idea  haha ****
@ pretty_mess you missed all the free shots
hope you have a great weekend em, say hi to the fam for me
over herrreeeee
the apple keyboard is really cool. i want one. they used it in doctor who
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there in twitter-land!
one hour till i go home and commence pouting because no bahama trip for me
thxx!! i was in the bathroom when you said it..
well my daughter is 20 now...thats why i said 'i miss those days'...they go by sooo fast
bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow... got to clean the house when i get back
smile. everything worked out.
everythings sooo messed up!!!!!!! life sucks!!!!!!!!!!
i've got sunburn on my arm  in better news, my new guitar hero: metallica game came and i beyond happy about that.
whenever, whever, sarah's in dc all summer  and sure!
working late.. but yet so fun hearing my colleagues funny song lists
sleeping in was interupted by jack-hammers at 9am ****! universe says get up! but i was up intil 3am 'cause i thougth i'd be sleeping in
ken wilber - realistic expectation of integral wisdom: [URL] ...very interesting.  i don't mind the video quality.
back to athens. ????? ? ??????
she has her perfect moments. she just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. i don't find her very perfect now.
hmmmmï¿½being home isn't *all* great  [URL]
tactical mistake: going to the city library and buying milk. who knew? ouch ouch ouch. maybe a good thing i didn't try for uni.
under a week delivery to oz, awesome product, awesome prices. the parcel today made my day
hardly :/ some of my furniture is being shipped from who knows where and is backordered  i may cancel and shop local.
happy mother's day! hope you have an awesome time with the bug
o dios acaban de tocar the pains of being pure at heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
i can't call you im from mexico and i don't know the code
uploading a lot of photos... priceless memories
no , i can't make it to the tour. i'm from philippines
but now it's gone
no way! **** that sucks b!  are you ok?
haha may the 4th be with you! happy star wars day!
vote for board of the month may 2009 (licensed members only) [URL] good luck everybody
its my bday!!! i'm gettin older!
ugh, i'm definitely going to be sick. it's coming and it's going to suck.
that sucks man
i am sure it would be like everything else pci where $ sets you free.
ops sorry  queen mom
looking at this website!! should be working!!
i feel like dyeing right now...
i can't wait to see up! how dare  have a 'real' job. probably going to have to wait until tomorrow.
is at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  dr!!! i hope
no more pizza for jamie? wtg  [URL] (britains got talent, sure has.)
sure you will tweet about this when you're back, but news is abuzz about tr knight's leaving 'confirmed' today.  muy triste.
moving back home today. pro: obnoxiously closer to  con: no more mpls runs/excursions for at least a year.
i ake it you're at work then and not lazing at home on a sunny bank holiday.
mattress armada needs to play a show soon or i'm going to be seriously sad
i'm in an 8 now too, but b4 i had kids i was a 6.5! darn babies making my feet grow
you know that 'rule' that says always point the knife away from you? just  learned my lesson on that one! straight through my finger!
hey! how u feeling? i know charla hit me to see there were any places she can go..too young  did she have fun?
okay im happy again  i watched the second episode of jonas on youtube. i think tomorrow my family is going to olive garden for mothers day
loved our lil tent-side jam session/mosh pit!!! edgefesssssst!!!
i think you forgot a couple exclamation points.
i would notice...
no wonder we're married.   night love. <3
i think my wireless router is dieing
#f1 soon  good luck brawn and mclaren fix up look sharp :p
i thought it was just me that was like really hot. my room is too hot to sleep in
happy mothers day!!
may the fourth be with you.  oh come on, no one had actually spelled it out yet
about to watch jonas!  i love dvr!
it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but i know it's there and now my ipod isn't perfect
will you be posting a pic of you h suit?? pretty please?
rachel and chelsey left me and jenny stole my bike.  that makes me muy triste!
mothers day today!
dbl booooooo for being sick, flippin blows! ... bahaha i kno i dont have many friends on here either. i feel so lame  haha
are you a night owl or what? always on here as the same time as myself  enjoy your scifi show.
lol ok then
16lbs is still a huge achievement though
word is marlon brando gave him 25 cent . . . yeah , tha godfather
in kl now took wrong turn after sg besi now jam in city center
but now i have no money for a phone
i slept so late
were done so much for them, then brazilians ha! but no meh, i think they love the other countries more then the uk
i cannot  i have a full day of activities lol
why does my life suck?
word!!!!!
gosh it's anoher cloudy day  wish they would go away.. or rain..
i was watchin tv yesterday and the media is on u. u were number five i think for worst beach bodies because of ur butt
...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the 'what am i getting out of it' question in mind? please!
morning! i have loads to do 2day  goin for a walk 1st to get rid of last nites haribo's
swine flu victims unite  [URL]
google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?
blushing, blushing & once again blushing!
my n95 hacked  no signing needed.. thx opda
whoa, i've got to go to bed, night!
i'll guess i will see everyone after the weekend  gunna be having major tweet cravings the entire time!!...
aghh mann i missed like half wowp, nd i dont like to start watching things in the middle of the show, i forgot to record it, im maddd!
in other news: i like this band, 'lydia', and its easy-going melancholy-yet-cheery songs. it's good listening
he totally got you! ;) i think it's awesome.
a sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. the nasty things can swim! frightening detail!
yep...sadly i only had 10 min before a meeting!
mmmm... looks so yummy! good seeing u
woohoo! i got the sunbeam cafï¿½ series grinder at eu foods for only $198! epic win
no html converter on there   think we're going with  [URL]  'cause it took 5 min. to get working.
love ice cream... love cake... cookies and cream ice cream cake tops them both
eating some ice cream cake  its bomb!
projects suck
its tomorrow.
so do i!!   my jet is in the repair shop...lol
i must of brought the bad weather with me to the states
i wish my roommates were coming home soon  maybe i should take a nap to waste time
that was reallly good
the rain makes me sad. its like i want to kill myself,<-
hey! aww man, no, i didnt ignore you i just dont have mobile web. so i can only txt.  i can see you unless i'm here >
just got up, smoking a cig and drinking coffee.. i need to start working on my final project for the univ
i hate that place!
i miss yoooooooooooooooooooou my poia
very tired from a day of awesomeness and cake    now time for a bit of sleep.
happy mother's day to all the mom's out there i happen to have the greatest mom in the world  i love my mom she's my best friend
that's a brilliant idea! only one buzz though
i should have shouldnt i, im happy you enjoyed it cos im thoughtful like that you see, and yaya i hav 20 followers  woop
just seeing if anyone was still awake
yeah i know  things would be so much easier that way. i'm bored the boys are playing tekenen (i can't spell it)
young love comes to an end
your cave? does it have an espresso machine?
_pax oh man... i'm so sorry to hear that. i hope everything works out
boys are sitting down for photos, no touching and no handshakes allowed.  #asylm
nothing like yoga to clear the mind and make you realize how crappy things really are
happy birthday, amber! hope it's a great one...and - you're far away from thirty...shhh...you're making us 29'ers feel sad!
i did wake up but i appear to have missed you by not much!
well i live in ohio  but here's our california parks: [URL]
_benson loved it! you continue to delight us amber.    great job on the backing and the video by . kudos.
not ah huge fan of getting up in the middle of the night to change peed sheets and underpants.
that sounds **** too.
good day sir. i'm hungry!
idk if i could.  it would cost me soo much there.
not goin tto tafe
thank for thinking of us and caring
i know how you feel. my head is getting stuffier and stuffier, and it is not fun.
has found a free wifi point ... and it's sunny
_photography good morning! hope you have a great day!!
great. my mom is pissed at me, so she sent me to the asbestos filled backroom
haha calm down. youll get ur shades. i'm still sick tho. so i'll prolly knockout after
lol we're such twitter addicts
happy mother's day; god bless you & all mother's worldwide; mother nature...  technology emotion in motion...
[URL] - pink.green.. love it.!
looking forward to the reading this post as i like your 'no ****' writing and often learn a few things
yoko ono - ben lee  - ? [URL] it's easy.
demoing with gary burr!!! so excited to get some 'girls' music on tape!! missing tayla
_music i was not hugged
having my brecky. good morning  x
doing accounting homework  just nicely got a 50p for the project <3
i have had it with job hunting. i try all day and nothing works  i bet i couldn't even work at the **** because of my cider belly!
i got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  **** detroit fans!!!
no profile pic or bio, few or no updates, lots of following and no followers! zap! pow! block! annoying but strangely satisfying!
gymnastics time.  my last night for teaching friday evening classes.   new summer schedule starts next week.
where u goin
no allowed a calculator for this exam despite it containing laths that is impossible to compute in my head.
haha same as miine
i'm sorry people are so rude to you, isaac, they should get some manners and know better than to be so lewd!
why? i enjoy fancy meals on my own smtimes, thr's joy in solitude, u can really enjoy the food & it's lk a date with the world
oh yeah - love his choregoraphy. the pants...not so much.
_jessicab_**** yip.....aw gonna miss them on bb
_violence heyyyy babyy
up at 6am on sunday... going to meet my mom for breakfast at the beach!
so the today show still hasn't gotten in touch with me, i wish they would so i can take my friends and myself to the nkotb show
just checked email and got a follower withb same name as me living in oz. welcome on board my alrer ego
: thats if u go on a weekend.
you are on mii **** list...permanent mii dude
someone has hacked into my emails!! **** off!!
this is the worst day ever, i've been told im a chav
have no line bi-focals for over 3 yrs now. end up taking glasses off to read close up.
ugh. kinda bored.
i had to get the same sized jeans, i couldnt get my hips into the 14's
i have to give up my beloved red sox tickets!! argh! meeting was just scheduled in ca...
no #thedailyshow this week
look at this ! [URL]  i can't see them at all. what the heck..
do you think the bead crumb navigation will return to the new fusion studios? i really miss that at the top of each item.
there is a motorcycle for sale down the road. mind you it'd be stupid of me to get it. summer 5 months away.
oh let me clarify,know lots of nice people who live there, but thought it always was a breeding ground 4 bnp
yep. i hope my lame attempt with the spaces helped me to hinder them, lol. i know tomorrow i guess.
when u get a chance can u post a video of tinkerbell saying peekaboo i kinda wana hear him say it
i will take pics soon :] also, i would hang out with you everyday if we lived near each other
i fell asleep on the beach and didn't put on enough sunscreen  lol
which is why i can't wait till i move out of home and life by myself next year  wacky adventures every day!!!!!
if you haven't changed your mind by mid-june then you can have one  x
mom has left... again
going to sleep. gonna fall asleep playing apps again. tmrw is going to suck
mmm, just had the best delicious chocolate pancakes for tea break. oh thank god for herhsey's chocolate syrup!
wish someone would by my 90mm mamiya mf lens. needs the money
i think i am getting a cold
where is the love by the black eyed peas, so many memories. watching the hulk!
nt online & mayb next week  if u havent voted pls do: [URL]
researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly
come see me live on stickam  [URL]
mood. was way too much fun. lol..  i love to dance techno !!! <3 ... life.love.stress &&. set backs <3 gnite
_monstr  u may try prism [URL]
hee hee - btw thanks for your linkedin tips - i've still to use them, but thanks in advance
everyone's abandoning the office... i still have 5 hours to go
-- that's got to be hard. my parents have been apart most of their marriage  for 6 months this year t &i will be 10k mi apart
girl, if you were part of the tour, i would seriously be the first in line for tickets.  just sayin'.
i miss having nothing to do except lay out beside the pool every day of the summer.  that was much better than spending all day in class.
i am so sorry.
young money
i'm going through withdrawls,  missing someone!!!!
_henrie you are amazingg. replyy! it's a dream come true if you would reply to me
_north27 [URL] - mmm yummy... looks like an invitation to me
good **** homie, hahahahaha thats what im talkin about  ;)
iknowww! not many people know about it tho. so i like to keep it my little secret
can't wait for the next twitter.
another great song to sing along with....    ? [URL]
its awful. xxxx
me and my friends are just sitting here and searching for pictures on google   haha, my friend found pictures of her father! haha
french isn't meant to be taught to asians
i'm gonna eat some chips??!! anybody, want some??? hahaha!
working, listening to music,testing out a new singer/guitarist tonight, let's hope for the best
is up and ready
get on a plane! come drink my cristal with me
[URL] - the definition of true beauty
getting back my english minor exam soon. dum dum dum duuuum. me and margrete had a burping comp. haha. i won
back to work.. with no distractions..
, or write a cms that uses git for versioning  check out rails-git.  i'd be interested in working on something like that.
hey there, i just crop them in photoshop and play around with the composition. what looks better large etc.
ok... finished all the mikados  should shut up now! lol
checked if there's a new comment on friendster!
you just got one more!!
ugh. trying to respond to all of the emails/voicemails/facebook messages that i missed while out of town. this could be a while
loves twitter (y) 38th post. mwaha  x
oo noo thats not good
_redbone stop that babe u makin me feel very bad now! :/
ah that would explain the italian colouring
the 'shhh..' stuff is finally all done!
again, agreed. but having a program showing your friends are on facebook would be easier than giving every1 yer info
acquiring a centos live cd, now where did i put my memory stick, i would like to boot from that. i wonder if i left it at home
peek-a-boo!! i can see you!!
oh hahah thats ok then
off to meeting in lincoln square, bummer, no more free parking
jerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?
without ur tweets i feel lost hit me with something
ill buy you one
any tips for someone who has only made it 52 on flight control?
what's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  it makes me sad
time to get purrtty. *wink*
why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty **** desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu
i like the idea of eliminating bludgers and beaters just tackling ppl, makes it nearly as dangerous as book quidditch
great!!  i've gpt tp put the lyrics in, finsih the background, then go over some writing, and then done!!
lalaland... why am i liking that song so much?! anyhoo.... grr i have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
gotta go! bye twitterland!  good night! i'll try sleep. so that i will recover easily! still sick!  bye!
has a headaaaaaaaaaaaache
i always feel last.
luking for new background pic......
happy mothers day to you as well!
getting rather annoyed at my notebook. i know it's old and has got wrinkles but it's never been this slow before
just got them- about to read & reply
[URL] - i like mr piggls i mean pickles!!
listening through the mendeed discog once again. i still think their disbanding is a loss.  #metal
dont worry im not!!! i dont get it on my tv
hey girlie, how are you doing?
it appears we found the dog.....as we were posting signs with his picture, someone else was posting 'found' signs with his picture....
ahh its so gloomy out  i'm pretty sure i just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
hi lisa, you have the most beautiful pups! happy mothers day!2 raven, rio& thors wonderfur mama!!  *kittykisses*
crazy legs is peepin _parks at the pool hahaha she likes graf writers, not b-boys, sorry
so then **** awesome super sexy stud muffin beast, how's that sound to you
ah! just remembered some (hopefully good) news is coming (hopefully soon) from someone i know... once again may the *happydance* commence
omg!!! am luat examenul la spss! me so happy!
_ii i have no choice  have to get on it!
made my first skype to landline call.  good call quality, quite impressed
i'm jealous - i would love deer steak. one of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together
work has really sucked the past 2 days & now my 11:00 meeting on mon got rescheduled to 9 am! that's just plain evil...i need a new job!!
missing jmichelle... told you treat me like a step child! smh
oh yea! i didn't think it was open yet! they took over ben & jerry's.  i loved that place.
hows the peas doin? if you meet them, tell them i said hello
brownie sundaes at five and dumpster. blood bros on itunes. palm reader was closed  fun at the 371 anyway.
omg i want tf2, everybody on my steam friends list is playing it
upss..her name is writen like chesca.
and the first thing you did was get your twit on....
ooooh, boo!  we only see each other at the bar (at 's well) or miss each other! i'll make a pt of stopping by! ;)
for _inlapush because she misses quil so...  far away ~nickleback ? [URL]
heh... i send dem when i get dem jen... i was shocked i found so many these last few days... earlier in the week nothing...
_rocks19  i have to break the twitterparty... im off home soon
super stressful day & can't sleep...glad i found you your so sweet to take the time to make strangers feel good.
yea i know right! i love that song!
yeah unfortuantley  sam hanks **** bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr
photo: martwo: omg i love you!!!! i accadentally deleted this photo  yay hes so beautiful [URL]
hey how is everything going? please reply back. sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me
i feel really blessed to have super awesome best friends
and what a scary reflection it was! thought you were going to wizz your pants
shen computer just broke  time to get the old ibm out...
genevaaa! my picture isnt showing up  i dont think im doing it right
hey there? hope you're all right. just watching f1 warm up for gp spain!
_0 have you considered cordoning off a corner of the park with beware 'swine flu' signs might clear it out for you
only has under 200 words left to write on her assignment
sad assembly  next block
dave i ask you for 'the fix' by jk!!! and send hi to my sister lisette and me ( alejandra ) from mexico!!!!!
another fun night!!  chilled wit my homie @ green turtle n the park....good times...good times.
i'm going to miss my imac so much over the next month.
wishes she would call him ...   *hc*
off to work! missing out on all the sunshine!
is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a monday evening...  oh wait..  that's just wine before dinner...
looks like it's going to be a upset for venus
i've come close to astroturf myself, . save yr $$ - it doesn't drain. just spray paint yr yard green instead
indeed! we are trying to get it in the trending topics for the fun of it  all some twilighters idea!
no belgian an not a record collector
ok, im not really that far yet  on the 2nd part of 4. wish she did them earlier though, like mid day so i could be involved
'to boldly go where no one has gone before...'
thanks!   i'm making homemade lasagna for my mum today.
going to get waterguns from tesco today   haha.   its sunny.
i'll keep that in mind when he gets tonked for 40 off his 4 overs.
i was afraid you were going to say that.
not enough time for disney world.... might just have to watch the disney channel instead.
_o awesome! my family owns it...the flowers.. and we love having your kids there! they seem to have lots of fun!!
#bgt will holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection?
my eyes hurts..
on way to birmingham.. sewing in the van. punk.
she's just finished!  the pretenders now. x
ohhh baby!!! pdgg! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa
@_kotenok !!  ... maybe they took one look at you and said 'that's our girl!'
still up playin rock band woot woot
okay, seriously. you're all going to have to forgive me while i gush like a little fangirl for a few tweets
i'm probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch & not an iphone  ghetto? haha
yeah i replied!! i meant to take a photo of my drink but i was laaazy and didnt'  x
yes!  i have my e-mail down to one window (most of which are marked for follow-up on monday).  all the dang paper still here tho
[URL] - must... stick.. my... thumb.. in .. chin... dimple!! lol  my hubby has one lol  but his is un ...
may i please have a couple promo codes to your ea apps? thanks so much!
so make the most of it  enjoy
zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night
can't stop playing fallout 3!  this game is addictive like crack!!  it's bad when you dream that your repairing guns in your sleep
hmm gonna go with ran 4 miles and hit the gym... now time to wake the kids up
and : aww, thank you!  i love you girls<333333
at homee. bored plzz! someone txt me about doing something this weekend.
ok so 4 needs to hurry up and come wtf i wanna go hooooommmeeee!
i need words of inspiration  where's  and  when you need them??
is about to go into her last final.  happiness!
_x3 you are too sweet girl!! my food was soooo good
people in my house do not know how to close doors
my throat hurts
at this point, i'm gonna be left here with only tommy. he is no prize.
my son had surgery yesterday so mommy and son time won't be as long today
mmm much better day... so far! it's still quite early. last day of #uds
man i missed it!! ive been waitn all day 4 u 2 giv the tix away & then whn im rappn up @ wrk u gav my tix away! im sad!
i wish i can see that. they have cnn here again, with no volume.
_call awww i wish i could but i have no talking minutes
wow and to think some people actually really do live in the jungle but dont get to go back to a hotel.
bummer i know   lol  i actually do more partying when i am in school then out of school..i think it somehow helps me..hahaha!
aaaa i cant go to his pagee  it really exist?
yeah im following you, hun! goodnight
back in lancaster bored already, can't wait to start work! missing hel!
agfest? it was pretty awesome.. loads of people were there lol
listening to 's without your love...hes so tortured in that song...makes me sad
shoutout to all the beautiful moms out there that these niggas dont appreciate! some one cares happy mothers day!
dropped my lei off at the cemetary.
_sis he got those cars before he lost his job.  he used to make good money. now he works at mcdonalds because nobody will hire him.
still having a hangover
lame. you should have said hello!
hehe you're right, i'm not daft  may is a good month to be on a french contract!
boooo on life decisions....bottle of wine be my lucky eight ball tonight
anywayss to the point i am dying to spend my summer over there or somewhere hot with you guys
seems like 60 min wait time  should i call the wife now
v?a cï¿½n m?c 800/day t?i qua
maybe it'll listen to you  dude it's like three in the morning. what time is it over there?
hiccups
thanks to tweetstats, i confirmed what i long suspected: twitter is keeping me up way too late!  [URL]
is it me (my machine)? or... vids freeze up, halt whole blip stream  ? [URL]
no labels?  sorry i know i'm really needy.
heyyyyyyyyyyyyyya
omg! shannon happy birthday!!!! i'm celebrating for you!
and its over now  watch on now? hmmm
what do you want from me?!  i'm awake.
drugs are bad
haha aww ok now back to bionomial expansion  ugh! joy
watching twilight again  !!! <3 i'm watching the audio commentary, it's sooo funny ;)
nothing definite yet..and the show is in a week   i may just be resorted to giving them away
also i popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out, but i wore out a clip on the camera panel so i had to glue it shut
legs are hurting because i was standing up all day.
ha, if i was , i would be pointing out the irony of that last spelling mistake. with swearing.
bad timing- a new mommy just called for newborn pictures and i can't fit the baby into my schedule no matter how hard i try
its raning!!! -_- really bad
i'm still crossing my fingers for a fun group
i'd help you if i weren't poorer than you lol! i'm mexican living in .mx, which automatically makes me 13 times poorer
@ work.. this week some new instrumentals.. stay updated
awww my trini no esata bien bendito  too bad i cant fly in and make u feel better
just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted, sweaty, and chalky.
also...     #travel #backpacking hope you enjoy our pics & videos
ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse.
happy mothers day to all of you amazing moms!! hope you have a wonderful day with your loved ones. you deserve it!!  you do a great job!
excited bout going out 2nite but bummed cuz im da designated driver. so no drinking for angie!
ending my evening on the best note.  i will love you forever, tweets.
16 too   crazy about miley and jb and in love with nick jonas haha
jars was gonna be my answer
: thanks!  and you being #80 just made my morning!
ok i just love it when big buff tattoed (preferably christian)  men strut...fluffy dogs are optional
_artillero hahaha. sana someone's selling the full version of 'coding workshop photo recovery wizard' cd! demo mode lang eh
is losing money in vegas...
up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment
he is so silly.  [URL]
why you will so little time in rio de janeiro? forgive babelfish!
is beastypops tired? i wish i was. my tablets are just making me want to throw up!
it feels like ages away! more than 5 months
you are a good child.
chillin with my family. we are getting tacos from ochoa's, they have the best food in all washington county
hi, my name is kate and i'm addicted to mm's!
be beautiful        [URL]
sweet  i should have something new to show you by then, too
again documentation day
i cannot deal w/ this tweet. lol.
aww  i guess not that many people are online though...
i hate traffic. dallas is nothing, but traffic!
_fan been busy trumping your cheese omlette with a cheese and chili omlette. an omnomlette
_kittykat  so now im bored..untill i go out
o, and happy mothers day
i just got my jagk shirt in the mail! omg i love it!!!  see you saturday!!
someone is ignoring me  & being mean..
join the biggest and bestest group on facebook  [URL]
i hate going to work.
helllllloooooooooooo tom, gig tonight? sorry im not sure when your shows are over there! miss you in the uk  hi hi hi hi hi ****
i really want to!! but it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  mama needs to make money.
that is really brilliant!
ugh what an amazing night. time for bed! i know i'm gonna sleep well. and with no getting up early!  good night!
i learned the hoedown throwdown!
doing my fieldwork databook. slept awkwardly. bones all sore.
lol ! you take david lah ! i want danny  not tom !
i know told you, and it tells you last tweets and all.  just can't get it to play music.  have it set, but it won't play
that is comedy  good luck my friend!
i'm sorry to hear that. here is my optimist: things will get better. for all of us.
experiencing pain with paginating asp.net listview controls
fuming over ebay purchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it  %$&!
december... thats like a year away...
i got into a fight with the pavement. i think it won  poor little knee
i think that's pretty awesome. i could quote lotr:rotk for one summer, but now i can't anymore.
very lonely here in gosforth gallery  but excited for meal at six followed by antony and the johnsons tonight. woohoo!!
omg i finished my history childrens book!!!! just need 2 make it pretty and print it off and im done!!! whoo!!!
if i could make it to philadelphia this year i would be there!! but sadly, i cannot
thanks  i'll check those out.
less or more itunes tuned up
buenos dias mundo de twitter  eating b-fast and watching 'sex on fire' video b4 i go to work !
just got home.  errrr... v.luna hospital is so far. :|
...i had a yay moment today  yay hope you did too!
so so happy to be with  - she even makes doing laundry wonderful
at home and sick    [URL]
so busy already
is not watching star trek tonight. but is heading to a lovely dinner and fun board games night with
whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh, might have to transfer schools
hello twitting world!  we are off to best buddies bbq  but untill then jay z is on spotify
shes so cute when shes sleepy
i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less, im quite proud, now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
i sent you a message.
posted a few pics of my college on my myspace www.myspace.com/katieheidie
hey oj, i just want to ask, you hooked up with somebody ayt now?
i am jealous of your mom talking to . i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you
oh and ps. since it is already 12:30, i should probably say 'happy mother's day' to my mom and all the mothers out there!
again again.
my nose is chapped, yuck
uuu, am din nou pr 4. yeey, my epenis is now bigger! ... ... ...
world's happiest places ...   denmark, finland and the netherlands
finally -- someone recognizes my genius
my truss failing  [URL]
bah, you'be made me all hungry now
i just saw your performance on the ellen show. we're so behind in australia  you were amazing and have such a wonderful voice!
this weekend is completely different from last weekend.
_22 ok so i'm having a complete insomniac moment. it's 6am(almost) and i'm still awake. i hate when i can't stop thinking!  mornin!
you are adorable
go to campos on missendon road in newtown. ask for ben. and discover how great coffee can be
they're at the bottom of the thing and aren't moving at all. feels bad man.
that movie is awesome!
hello, you are sooo awesome!! dont ever stop what your doing haha, you make me fall off my chair laughing  x
aim:iloveshawniedur
i am so sorry!!  that really sucks
crappy day...
sent u a few dm's..hollaback
**** elora danan are breaking up  too and im missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with ?
actually just woke up, going to attempt to see 17 again with natalyy
_carter can't see it it says 'this video is private.'
i was crying all of tuesday cos i find out! ;( .... economics is offically my crying subject lol
listening to jubey snoring on the phone  hehe goodnight
sunday morning
burst my bubble!
god i need to revise today! i'm so lazy
ok, so i know it's nearly 10:30pm here but  made me want some ice cream... i can't get the italian stuff though
- i will help  not sure how when i'm alllll the way over here haha but i can try  have alot of free time right now haha
is actually feeling awake today
work   yay!
kyneton for breakfast this morning at slow living. noice. such a beautiful sunny autumn day  drove back to melb via daylesford
i'm here!... jdubb is @ his funky job...i guess.. we're neglected
stopped for coffee at maryland rest area; so did at least five entire middle schools; just my luck
doing homework and then going to bed, have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
miss him way to much... just cnt stop thinking of him   nite nite folkkz...
happy mother's day !!
laptop has been handed over to the master. i will be getting it back next weekend - fingers crossed! will let you know
baaaaaaaah!!!! there's a mega cockroach in the kitchen and i have no one to kill it!  heeeeelp me!!!! haha my retarded cats are no help!
is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays
i'm dead bored. but also dead poor! student life is a piss take!
having bad day
thanks  give it 5 stars!!11
i'm fine thx. had 3 days off and took advantage of them -> tired.  waiting too see pics and read your blog.
not my groom!  think i'll die an old maid! lol
whoa rad ! coffee makes me stay up all night
on my shoot with ron and torey! have lots of fun
omg i'm soo excited! i've been waiting for it ever since i saw the 5th one at midnight the night before!
trying to have a baby, don't want my soda addiction to be a problem, so i quit  still sad and craving it though
denny's with mike, pat, and jessie.
hey split rock -- i'd know that llama anywhere
[somewhere - within temptation] returned to mysefl. keep working hard till june
fun day with boo. short but fun
_jean awessomee! cut my hurrr i give massage? orr alkie? or foodtour? yeaaah! &i'll pray for ur cousin
ahhh...can't do this one....will be in las vegas that weekend  #noctweetup
ima goodgirl i'm not down with takin advantage
and then you find out today they had there first kiss! }
_escobar some people seem to be getting over it pretty quick  and the guys to me didn't seem to care
i miss 'mr.'
haha yea! just working and chillin in the eastbay. unlike u, i don't get a summer break  boo
bug in **** cod4 system link. my map pack isnt working
i've been busy and chained to my laptop  i'll be at webcom wed afternoon, then likely yul blog. see you there?
good morning  good luck! belive in you
r.i.p. sammie the cat
is having a darts party with the parentals, my neighbor, and !
do some research for my article
when god created man i also believed he created a million people to get on ya **** for a laff
aright twitter fam... guess ima be outties.. gonna try n sleep off some of this horrible pain
pixies - number 13 gives me such an energy rush. they are playing a festival close to me in june, but work won't me me go
hut myself in the face with a hammer earlier by accident  obviously it hurts.
the swine flu is in robina, gold coast
im bored   -musiic[box]
have a nice time, with plenty of dreams
again.. check out [URL]  ....these guys rock this one too  ? [URL]
i love love love silverstein.  work tomorrow. boo!
missing the shotgun match because i was guilted into going to the store with the wife.
haha... sorry  she should be in the whole like two people  follows
just tried dming you but it tried to download some strange file so stopped!  how come no gmail maccym?  missing you  sads!!
they shot him  he was still alive too...
going crazy  super head ach from hell and my the in laws have ben here since 9 this morning. ahhhh
did we hear our name ? thanks ankit, get them on to our parlour   #hokeypokeybandra
playing my new ds lite!    love it!
i am sad... tanner wasn't invited to the panthers development camp this year  poor (other) glassers. but calla was, so good on him.
recovering from a hard day of homeschooling my dd, chemistry did not go well...
said the whale & mother mother? ok!
im so full. subway was bomb! waiting for my 2nd shift to start
lol. sounds like don't call me babe  have done that too !! have you thought that over ?
try installing twibble which is a java based app that should work on most phones
my car is broken.
my grandpa called, wants to know what you are doing with his hat.. and when you plan to return it
_loca thank you babe  what are you doin this evening?
is soo bored its lovley day outside but nuttin to do
_yogini _my_soles  i am sooo jealous  in a good way of course.  lc is awesome.
eat it caps.  3-2
noooo! poor se
your peanut butter soup was amazing and so was everything else!  your soup was just a higher form of amazing
nina was on my lap, but just decided to jump off
its my going away partyyy  's.  you should come!
i have been sick for like 5 days now...
is not sleeping because he has paperwork to do.
today is will's first baseball game!  go bats!
but it is our reality  , we must survive. what doesn't kills, makes stronger. pa'lante lore !
: sorry forgot that
re: edwards i hope so!
i'd like to put your fruity article on my website if you'll permit
feels all kinds of not so well right now
i know i'm changin it again
come hang out wif meeee
well...as long as you have trees  yeh definately need to go find one, maybe after the crutches tho! :p
wide awake. wishing i wasn't. **** nightshift routines. got turned down for the job in nashville  oh well ...
tonight @ 10 on the northland's newscenter we kick off a week long look at great summer getaways in the northland! don't miss it!
alright, back from my twitter decompression  happy monday folks, what's the good word?
fish fingers and potato croquettes it is then! would love some baked beans, but they tend to hurt me.
lol hopefully it'll happen like next timee near the new album
on your ani?  sorry
_booey it doesn't make up for the pitch
missed britains got talent    gutted.
you wish that would have been your tweet after you followed me.
cant believe i stay out this late!.....waking up for work in t-minus 4hours
i'm going to kill the person who should have went down to manchester for me.  (only kidding; don't want the police on my door)
i do the same thing to anybody covering dave... haha... we don't like people messing with perfect music.
just checked again and it worked!! sorry
no sleeping for me im at work   it will be summer break soon. tell them to get there butts out of bed lol
watchin 'how to lose a man in 10 days' wiv mum  lol
getting dinner ready not much going on in my life it seems
ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making  *is rooting 4 those who are revising!* do your best! x
oh noes .... macbook hard disk has just died
_gm that's the plan
but they're hungryyyyyy
went out 4 a meet up & may b hangin & or hittin a club or bar   if the car holds up lol :-p
okay, no more driving.  i know... i know... you are correct to say that.
my tummy kinda hurts!
i hope my morning show doesn't get cancelled!
you're welcome tila!! i love you!! wish i could have heard it
white wine reminds me of vinegar
10 more days to go for freedom!!!!!! **** these xams!!
nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous
going to bed. goodnight!  x
enjoy springsteen, i'm seeing him at glastonbury in june!! give us a report when you get back
friends coming tonight! hopefully the weather will stay nice
i'm drawning in emails
my hips are too wide to rock those mario kart shorts  why couldn i have the bone structure of a 12 year old boy?
yay! go wyattt your totally amazing'!'! im so happy for you.  yay
standing here open hands and i know i can't do this alone hold on, hold on, baby, hold on...geeez
mine too <3
'shut up' was the line removed from the locker scene! i bet i could recite that speech easily! dare me?!?!
poker night instead of kate voegele.... i guess it'll do....
[URL] - joe had the same shirt in the concer here, in chilee! hahaha big rob wasn't here
thanks gourmetcook! but cold shower wouldn't help.
_  leiiin i can play the introoo
said that  mentioned bears!  have fun!! p.s bears like peanut butter
i'll probably have better photos up later today. took some picks with my big camera too. camera phone = blury camera
i miss my dog  r.i.p.batman... yeah, batman (i really hope 'all dogs go to heaven' is true)
yes babe, you're so welcome!
me just sign up twitter...
i'm with you...been up till 5-6 for the last few nights...
wow - that's one deep sleep!  wish i could sleep like that -one little noise and i'm awake
****! tying run is on 2nd!  let's hold em' raiders!
t9r8am booked. im arriving medan on 27th june. 1155hours
looking out window is depressing it is so beautiful out and i am in here
sadly, all i have is the stanley steemer 800 number.
your youtube account is down.
has just finished watching masterchef. surprisingly (perhaps), it's good
i am so stressed and sad about pugsly missing. i hope hes okay. i am stuck at otrip and cant look for him  someone post his pic on fb 4 me
never been to the usa before  it would be great to the cruise/tour next year. whatever it is its gonna be a blast
kind of glad i never started kings now - one less thing to be upset about
my trousers are damp.
note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!
depressed that i wasn't included in the morcom gardens quiz on facebook
cn i gt a twit frm u pls?  hva gr8 shw 2nyt !
my mom watched my new video and she actually lol  love her! xoxo [URL]
watched the bones finale last night in the uk & it rocked!! oh how much i missed zack!!!   is so freakin' awesome <3
i had a new friend who called himself shame.
at tokyo table
what's wrong with dressing in fifties fashion?
aww sad  now  stupid crapped up phone and deciding that you would go and screw yourself up and never again work arghhh
awesome sunday service  god is for you, jesus is praying for you - what can man do to you?!
just wants to hear his voice
cool!!! no wonder you didn't sleep much
they should add dunkin donuts to their menu too.
i'm not sure.  btw, yay for wicked tickets! that's awesome! when are you going?
missin my boo
trying to get used to twitter, i have a cold
seen the doctor today. everything was fine! might go for ultrasound scan just as a precaution
is the luckiest girl in the world <3
first up, make up for lost time with jelly. jalan jalan just the 2 of us  and the rollerblading with my pumpkin. happeh
saying goodbye to  for a year  she's been awesome in helping me fit into the team at veritas!
'toys'??? advanced load carrying system. low-cost 1-man outdoor shelter. i didn't get the wolverine glove
lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn't matter
it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back
at home about to go to sleep! goodnight twitter world!
i no its so warm isnt it!! :o my arms are sore  bad times. my face is a little red too :s
() oh snap... kinda nuts right now... :  i've told at least 27  thanks babes.
*waving* you wanna come get diablo, he barked so much til he made himself sick
went for run, my sinuses are pissing me off
is new to twitter.... needs some studying here
how are you today!?
is hitting the streets. 40 hours living with lexington's homeless. no food...no bed...no problem. no facebook or twitter...  pray for us.
i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself!
heyy have you deleted your myspace account  cause the link in the side bar wont work it says its been deleted wb ily ****
yeah they r. im going to their concert at the end of the month
are you okay?
oh dear! gareths b-day 2moro all my girlfriends are abroad  lucky niamh is coming home 2moro poor gareth has 2 listen 2 me talk all day
i'm doing good thanks   and yourself? and sorry, lil busy at the moment.
knock you down is playing now...again!!! cna my day get any better?? i love it!! how r u? missed u
internet stopped working right in the middle me quantum leap.  grr
please don't
what's wrong with her?
[URL] - so glad sam is in a good mood
my tummy hurt
chillin on here
indeed, much fail
i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job.
in less then a min i lost 2 followers
nah... to be honest, i'm not a 'drinker' as such....  would rather have a protein shake and go for a run lol
hey are you guys planning any so cal headlining shows around the time of the blink tour? we dont get you in irvine
and i want you to shut the **** up.... i really hate living with my step dad. =-\ i can't wait to move out...
uploading photos.   (on: facebook, & friendster... myspace later.)
playing with  on a cool new website... hopefully ready very soon
my *mom*(not aunt haha) and uncle were both adopted with very diff adoptive stories. if you want to chat sometime lmk
finally some effing internet! i effin need to update the wifi in sg malls. idk how  i miss dada and craigie......
why?
why am i still upppp????? lol.  work in less than 5 hours.
no i want too, but a couple of people said it wasnt good
happy mother's day! be sure to say i <3 you, mum.
story of my life
my storm is acting up  ....excited for the discussion session regarding social media. scott lake, ceo of thinksm, will be attending.
just talked to anthony rapp. face to face. !!!!!
i'll also have to fix that in itunes when blip.tv changes the url since that's part of the rss feed
well sure hope they can do that...
fun night tonight, and my house looks so purrrty. until tomorrow when the kids come home
oh yea, and i feel really feckin tired today !
nothing right now to do
i look like a horse in my sam's club card picture because i couldn't find my hair brush. hahaha possibly getting noah tomorrow
stuck in huge traffic jam
_pax that sucks.
so cool! if only i could call! my phone won't let me calll the number!
i think i might get some of that today.  my throat is killing me! it feels like it's in my lungs
moveout should be fun. thank you vt students for working to make vt the best that it can possibly be
the barry gibb talk show!!!!!
yikes. that poor girl on bgt. that was quite hard to watch
my back is all kinds of messed up, and strudel is going to live in another town until we move, i'm going to miss the little runt
am alive   but at work   finish at 1300   sun is out
omg himym! one of the best shows on earth
add me on myspace?? www.myspace.com/pwnage_org  -> pcfopc
maaaaaan what a lovely day, shame that the ice-cream man near our workplace decided there was business elsewhere before we got a 99
i'm proud of you solange.
at wrk  ...gtta come back tonite
craving a king sized snickers
i do have one coloured one on my leg.  its a butterfly filled with colour!  x
okay, so now i want to scream....idk why this one doc has done this to me 3 days this week!!!!rrrrr.
kids will not eat salad so they getting crisps only salad for me and mr can make his bloody own
ooooo i was/am using the iphone version, i just use the web and sometimes twidget on my mac
no betta nest  i think despite the heater it gets too chilly at night
aw.  i'm glad you do. where would we be with out one?
oh, /me still hasn't got around to starting it
lol. dood, i love you and miss you.
yay! i too had some joy in that department
bamboo/jade green !
or lester....pitcher for the red sox
happppppyyyy mothersdayyyyyyyyy  mummy you are the best
ohhhhh how i miss the brunch
well i do not think i am getting a call anytime soon. painting my nails!
i'm a metsies fan also! boo hoo
enjoying afternoon tea with my friends.. cake delicacies equal sweet time
hey guys, this is group for people who belong to 'pune institute of compute technology' college, pune   via [URL]
you realllllllllly just said that didn't you?
g'day  thanx for following.
gonna miss you nanna & bampa, she going to the lake disdrict ):  omg !! got disney channel. miss you baby matt  love you x will do mitchel
miley cyrus = great actress
home from jack's now, can't say i'm too happy about that either
what's up? not much, just listening to music  i'm in tx
_sweetye i hope so
steve aoki  sorry. may b nxt time.
i might have guessed a crafty lady like you would have a laminator  mine is a very cheap one but it worked brilliantly
well actually - larin is my name. the 'model' is what i do  (besides sleeping, crawling, etc..)
supposed to be visiting austin sun-thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  would've said hello for sure!
do tell...
sittin by the fire...yes!
omg trying to fix pic but its not working!!!! ugh also mom wont let me sleep over sanzz!!!!!  bad day!!!!
is at my grandma's place with my mum, celebrating mothers' day in 3 generations. the 4th will come
so during that whole whole addiction talk with my brother and that lady....i broke down and couldnt help but cry
waaaa. i ran my machine problem! yeah!
_onfire i think letitia is still trying to upload the digital, they were having problems before. i am sure she will let us know
i wish i could just go for a drive..or a movie or the store..i just wanna be alone
sitting here with nathan, eddie & brenden chilling out at 1 am, haha great day, i love my life!
it doesn't feel like a friday
ahahaha okay deal  now i only have to snuff hermione out
there is something wrong with me! i'm so tired i can barely keep my eyes open. yet all i've done for the last 3hrs is toss & turn in bed
it is sooo hard.... truck and fish please
_blue - the chauffeur from 'some kind of wonderful' was my idea of a perfect woman
bummer... i missed taylor swift on the today show!  those were my only plans for the day!!!
correction...a hot coco in my nkotb cup  what a sweety!!!!
nah, could use a hug or three, but even that option is 2,000 miles away!
i'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here
instant-messaging with two of my favourite conversation guys
follow friday  b/c she needs more followers
is starting to get this whole twitter thing!
still waiting for a email  from max. so i consider no news, bad news.
he's on zul'jin (i think that's how you spell it) so i doubt they'll ever meet
i have been in the lounge for hours...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out
nat!!! i'm going to miss you so badly
i didn't get a lot of sleep myself last night. and it is a good thing, reading
i dyed my hair back to super black again!
i aint blanco either..yo 100% puerto rican mami....yo show muy amor yi tu...but yo no se...
how can i vote, it wont let me, says they closed the votes in her category  i wanna vote
will you ever come to sf bay area to preform, i feel left out
_holden i must admit though, part of me didn't want her to get through so she wouldn't have to put herself through all that again.
happy star wars day!
hello my lovely followers  love and peace from my house lolz we just need the weather!
_bill2030 and good morning to you too.
no but this is our poor week
getting dressed to go to granny's,another day of now twitting
geoff posted a boo: coming home from tenerife boo  [URL]
what about having one in tampa? i've been all excited to do the hunt, but i'm too far from any of those cities
#followfriday thank you so much. i'm so behind. still at about half of what i had.
(cont) when  told him that i love beans on toast. so cute!
why am i up so early
joined you on facebook!
trying to find some friends and not having any luck
omgggggggggg, cant belive it! what had happened to it friend? do you know where did you missed it? thats not nice!!
gah! i have the headache from hell. reminds me what my lovely wife goes through all too often
just got skyfire ([URL]  firts impressions, it looks good but it's a little too memory hungry for my ageing htc tytn
aww i'm sorry your boys are sick.   i'll keep my fingers crossed for no tails. lol stay well youself and get better boys!
swimming is a no go for me
the mall i once worked at has turned into a very depressing place
going to the movies with clancy
i'm going to be doing the fafsa form today.  i hope to help out in the ann arbor / detroit metro area with computers, art, and design.
all the food in my house has sugar ants in it
your understanding would require taking paragraph 3 out of context. but para5 could lead to opting out of every class.
has finally mastered the art to uploading a photo on said twitter. you can no longer assume i'm a heffer
i'm so stupid! it's star wars day!!! may the 4th be with you!!!
i would be scratching ma head toooo
just missing you&hoping to talk to you soon..i'm so happy you're mine again, though  you have no idea..<3
here i'm staying up with you and you're not talking to me.   hehe
[URL] - yes, my #ubook lenovo t400 finally arrived!
ok  thank you
want somebody to hold me alma! tear tear
...normal hours to give any interested twitter friends a glimpse into a topic near and dear to us.
brake time!! nothing for lunch. tonite.
its over for them
i dont like things getting confused. seems to be happening alot lately
livin' large, huh? i've got the same hammock...no tree to hang it from
spring cleaning episode 2....do i really have to
waiting for someone's sms. it's been weeks and nearly a month  :?
happy mothers day to all..
i got it in math and ss only
ooooh, that's very pretty jen! i'm sure she'll love it!
) hello
i can't be mean without you.
so tired. work today.
just had kfc
three-quarters through i believe. will not finish tonight.  i blame errands and a certain loud at a bookstore.
bored. tired got headache
finishing washing dishes
, , , , i hope you all have a happy mothers day!
so much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it...
in the words of liana corber: moreover, wiaih was a humbling experience... i surprisingly had a decent night
let me guess ... ran a few miles?  respect dude, i can't do it.  maybe you should train me
okay people my fones charged
[URL]  how genius!! he looks  good in bret, lov him why cancelled concert in france i was ready men
evening  yorkshire's warm but overcast. how's nz? don't tell me - dark lol
is going to see the hannah montana movie!!...lol...what a dork huh?!
i haven't heard anything negative yet. as a former manager used to tell me: if they're quiet, be happy
i'm gonna havta temp stop fllwing u while ur talkin abt kobe bc i loveeeeeeee him & i'm taking it personal and i like lebron 2.
star trek.. did not disappoint!  5 star!!
thanks for sympathy. it wasn't too bad until about an hour ago when i started thinking of the appointment tomorrow.
i know! d: i finally got my component cables for the ps2 in the other day and instead of playing p3:fes i played oot.
good morning chairman of the board! www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivfm0pyyucy its a living thing....!
colds nearly gone, yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . . . . .double yay!
i was the blue  lol [URL]
wondering what on earth is this new tools for
wah, my fav whattaburger location is closing on the 31st. ****. good thing i'm moving.  ****  mon/fri won't be the same
silly wendy. you know i don't speak french  just a few more hours to study before this ride begins!
happy mother's day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  my mom is getting a special gift from me today
rose city sirens were uber cool last night!  wish i could have stayed longer
is starving & has a chem quiz due at noon
a hungry fool. ill probably never see that krispy kreme again. had to enjoy it. they closing down
dad wants the computer, so i'd best be off  taking my lapity-topity to a mac specialist tomorrow, hopefully they make teh owwie go awayz
weebo is dying
getting ready to go to #brighton to find myself a new suit from #greshamblake - sunday = me time
this chipotle line is out the door! but i really want it!!
great cover  ? [URL]
can u follow me please
i'm sure the mrs. will follow when she gets comfortable on the new computer, may be a while  #hhrs
hmm... i should go make a time machine to go forward to 12:00 god im genius.. oh yeh i dont no how too...  x
lol, i've just realised that i've been sending messages that were meant to be to you, to a page that doesn't exist
i'm on my way...!
it was blatently your fault for just shoving it in the bag when i said no  i felt that you had very much tricked me. ****
.  will have to try.  our pei wei closed so i can't try there.
i likee you  a lott lott .  think you really hot hot (8) good night
made me want taco bell, **** you sara! oh well now i'm going to go change into my jammies now.
i don't think i'll ever have one of those again
#bgt  piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing
sigh only 1 problem though i need to call stooopid lime aka cable and wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads
rejecting all food substances.
decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn i get from the curler! my hands covered  i suck at it!
may the 4th be with you! happy star wars day twirps!  rofl
we can't wait to see you too! pls come back to iowa it isn't the same at the theatre
hey! polka dots or black dress. both very glam. mobile twitter's a bit **** at the mo.
i need food. it took an hour to get to work this morning. leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel
happy mother's dayyy!
what? whyyyy?
super but i caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as i'd like, but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
on the phone w. chantellie ! <3
_diva_dee26 teehee im glad to entertain ye
is going to work an amazing charity event for big brothers big sisters. i don't mind working if its for a good cause
har har, #swineflu is everywhere: [URL]  (via )
time to get to work. i'm already starting the day off bad. missed the up screening  this morning at the el capitan
i think is the parent trap & high school musical!!
just woke up...feelin a lil better  <3
thanks!
starting to spoil my pug since her brother max passed away on tuesday. we miss him.
_0407 all over the place it was  boo, dual voice challenge was too challenging
prolly e71... i can't think of anything else and i'm unfortunately not a singtel customer
my chemical romance official sodahead profile  [URL]
miss 16'th
wow, such a crazy night of ever changing emotions! i liked it tho
morning...i woke up to watch  on the today show. you rocked it girl. wish i could have been there. so close but so far away
which was so unlike the pos in oakland. they hated me
@_supernatural_ [URL] - awwww poor boys! *cries* so sad..
my boss called me anerexic
tataindicom is not as good as tatasky  airtel broadband is better.
is home whoott. happy mother's day madre
has finally started his serious revision - has just completed an english bg mock
oh great!  hope you'll have a blast there! ;)
i feel like i'm on house arrest.
i need some cheering up
joan is such a legend! i can't wait for apprentice finale!!! im so addicted i think i need a rehab!! lol tweet later..  xoxo
i really miss my phone  i cant wait till my new one comes
it's a pleasure , will be wary of girlie marshmallows from now on lol  you might have saved my life .lol ;-)
dinner=buffalo burger with provolone cheese melted on top with beefsteak tomatoes and spinach. divine. pic on facebook to come.
bummer, bro, sorry to hear that
how do i vote for mr twitter universe??? i'm a bit stuck
got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good.
sitting in bed thinking
will be attending cic's parents' orientation tomorrow...need to wake up early
[URL] - my 789 pacman pic
it was a crazy time, nothing to be ashamed of that you were timid. you were osocute in your bashfulness
haha! nice! have fun doll! hopefully i'll see ya soon! i miss ur face!
you are such a beautiful bride! you're gonna love the married life. it absolutely rocks! congrats to you both.
_doll yes! i live in milwaukee and would love to attend a closing talk
thats good!  keep it up guys! would love to come down and visit sonetime
just met sarah kelly... wow... she is an amazing woman of god!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch
what i said!    i'll have to think about it and try again!
it should be.. not a wink >.<
just got out of work
poor dear. your fellow **** mavens have been there.  what gym do you belong to? peac?
ugh. waiting for a visitors pass to get on post.  taking forever!
carol vorderman cancelled her interivew with me... so now i have no proof against all you non-believers!
awe thanks
i really want a shish kebab... going to have to settle for toast
i feel funny. hmmp, better be an amazing **** day. why not?  i love how i know sammy rovin got a text about this tweet <3333
'its a calander.'calendar!' collander!' bahaha, that part was hilarious, of course, the whole thing was hilarious
demi you were so pretty with you're bangs and everything .you look too grown up in this picture  i liked your bangs.
my computer is so slooowww this morning.  i think it's a sign that i should go home and play in my yard.
$4 lonestar pitchers at  ?  if only i wasn't still recovering from last weekend's bout of irresponsible gluten consumption
my back is soooooo hurting.
take it. mmm, definitely.
_beli haha yeah u did, oh well theres always next yr  chin up princess hehe
hi nick! i really like the serie jonas  it's awesome! see you soon in the concert! kisses - marta
got three grades so far: math11 -> b , acct1b -> a, bio19 -> a. good times to be had. sad about the math grade though.
urm, ouch, that sucks. you need crutches?  what happened? i hope you get/feel better soonest!
omg..5 days till 1st state exam!
i am sick  but ians coming over so its all good ;)
*hugs hugs hugs* i'm glad you're feeling better.
rain, rain, rain. wow i actually love the rain....
guinness got 2 'new' toys from mom and dads house.  hooray for free stuff
but he has an out of date script. that's really bad. so midway thru his pitch we catch it. he gets all butthurt and storms out. his loss.
hahaha that was funnyy!
yep they are open, it's sunday hours tho
lol.well.hope you find someone to give you a massage  wish i could but i'm half a world away lol
whopee tgif   that was more fun when i had a job
was it for the vma's? i guess so.. also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert, but no one's going with me
may the 4th be with me today as i round off the weekend with one more session - happy 4th y'all from the fintster
awwwwwwww man my baby dried up.
i did that once
_read perhaps it is all those background apps!
god... im suffering greatly... having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunburn
dope background
@_tanyya :o  awww leave off, shes ace! shes one of my fav actresses!
@_micster  how the hell does your hair not fall out constantly?
chatted with my old schoolmates. awww  i miss my highschool.
rentaphone  yesy have
applying for part time jobs.  lmao hopefully someone needs some help. ~ap~
roommate is sssnoring :/ and my throat is so dry
sick on wifes bday= double
what if we are in england?  x
unfort, i can't dm you b/c ur not following me
working late at night on a dell notebook, dell's quality has gone down hill, warrenty service sucks too, poor people  buy a mac instead
i want candy!!!
varsity fanclub will never be the same!!
_ hahaaaha
bout to take a shower.... a cold shower
just watched 'marley & me.' cute movie. going to watch 'twilight' soon!  love it!
--sorry for running over uncle terry, but he just wasn't living up to his potential. expecting more from his next return.
dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code
flypside - when it was good..i must creat my presentation in english  by guys ?
work work work!
requested the date - and he is the guest of honour after all...
writers:'they just make me wonder,why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people?' i like writing
i'm sowwy.   it sucks, i know, i've been there. yay for half days though!
miss you!!
gables apartments has corporate and their nice.
finally reunited with my hunny bunny_0802 i have him for a few days b4 he leaves me again for another week away @ work  night!
sometimes, twitter makes me feel like an outsider..
hey, wahts happening in #coffeclub..? i didnt have coffee for two days now
nature has just called me  brb
hallelujah! i've finally finished my careers assignment! the feeling of finishing a task is great, you have no idea. or maybe you do. lol
think wearing bermudas at the cinema wasn't a good idea after all, but outside was humid like cwazy!
new on twitter
i love mindy, she is my favorite employee
is sad she is going to miss the dream team party... but i didnt rsvp in time.
_christie keep the faith it'll be over soon
headed home, dad duty tonight. might take the kids to the course again. although my boys took me for $11 last night in a chipping contest
leaving sf soon. i just might cry.
man with a great sense of humour... venky pachad?
oh, sorry to hear about this too  sad
happy to have a sunday off from work
aww bless her  give her a chance ..
is it in crowntown? i think i may just meet you there? let me get ready and ill let you know
i is goin to bed now
i'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !
'thank god you didn't go **** until after you had me...'
this is california it has to be sunny... but its not ::::: makes me kinda sad
my new picture won't upload!!!
she had a boyfriend
ans so the lion.......kicked the dogs ****!!!!
walking by the water in annapolis with froyo and no shoes
, in about two hours i'm setting out on a 600-mile drive home. mostly i'm hoping it goes quickly.
_phelps hello michael  have a nice day
it's friday and i don't have a job for the weekend
love it!
i got overexcited about pizza and burned my mouth.
thank you. we had a blast
why don't we close the library due to the great weather?  and the ac isn't working  #fb
_obsession lol but its only gonna be 80  the water will prob be cold as heck...
as we were disembarking @ tswassen we saw a pod of killer whales ^^ i'd just finished pointing out that i'd never seen bc killer whales.
too easy! happy mother's day, to a great mom!
at t.g.i fridays  with some of my favorite people ever.. we made a reservation for 20 and we have like 50 people here. hahah
i love your tweets... your sweet
i smell cake but i don't see any cake on the oven!
i am the queen of losing things. important things like keycards and bus passes.
greg nooooo don leave me  u shud have gone throooooooooooooo!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don't worry lol  cry cry cry
going to be a strange weekend. probably srtarting off with working til midnight tonight
why do you hurt me? does it bring you joy to see me cry? you know i love you more then anything and yet u break my heart everyday!
a 25 year old zebra with wind? lol
stupid playstation! stupid controllers don't work so i can't play kingdom hearts.
@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive?
ugly. what programmes do you have open?
that would panic me a little!  maybe you can read on an orbitron at the gym like i do...when all else fails?!?
you called me? didn't get that.  nest time for sure. maybe i'll come to la soon. i hella wana go to disneyland.
so much to do by 1 pm. i don't think i'm going to get it all done
i love how alex pardee colours his picturs, so differnt
gooooood morning
goodnight all in the twitterverse
awwwwweeee nick
at hospital.. uncle is in surgury after heart attack
i see. i guess there must be lots of hawks fans in texas on twitter.
thats ok...ur a good person + my idol soo good people deserve sum good comments..hows the weather ova der --london is cold
eating maccies
constantly looking at the clockkk..come on 11pm!
yup .. sad eh .. betty man .. it should have been betty
well, yeah. but my mom doesn't wanna drive all the way to sac if we were that far away.
and i'm back, from a sooper dooper, extra bharia, extra dhumchik two day stay at mom's place, yay!  it's a fun fun feelin'
haven't worked there for a long time but kinda miss it! i miss anna  seen her? i'll prob be in slo most of the summer! you?
i'm going to jordan & jeffs wedding next weekend in atl.
ew, tongue kiss
beautiful day on ocracoke just hope the thunderstorms stay away this afternoon...it's not looking good
it gets worse every year and 2010/2011 will be the worst. oh, and 6 months today!
walmart opening its first store in amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale
yay dad agreed to pay for my tuition and equipment! yipee not till nxt jan tho
i bet black planet, lol, i didnt have a problem with it, but she was ugly.
has just booked her appointment to give blood 18:20pm 2nd june! scared
i want to see go:audio, someone take me please?  5days(l)
just chillin'.. i'm a bit bored boohoo  !
i miss you
everyone keep checking demistylesource.com....new update coming soon!
its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. i have to seperate them.
great to be sunbathing in my garden.  and this afternoon i'll be watching ado to see if they can win this important match (on tv).
daddy just left.................without me  [URL]
[URL] - i love it! if it's pouring rain, i still want to go.
chillin after a loooonnnggg day of basketball  hella tired sleepy time zzzz
i'll try sort that fabric out for you today...been a busy bee!
i'm really happy...and drunk  but really happy
just got to kansas city and excited for a fun weekend with my family, my sis, parker and josh
tom graduated today
just got back home... bored now
hmm sorry, i went mia there
why the hell is youtube not working???  no no  no no   no  no no nno no
words to live by  ? [URL]
well, i couldn't get a real clear shot, but i've got the best i could...silly people walking through the admitting of the er...
dw you never will  ****
i didnt get the joke
yeah. about **** time. my film slr just sits there quietly being ignored. it's time to step up!
where's the love?
they're getting back together for one more album.. or so i heard.
_normal shucks!  sorry!  sometimes i get wrapped up in fb and forget to check  how you doin'?
i missed the  announcement   something about being flow out for a concert? can anyone fill me in?
happy mama's day to all the mamas.
_design allright! looking forward to it..
@_erica /hugs those are the worst. mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed.
yes the new one, i adore both though  who doesn't love vincent!!!
sorry love had no left overs  but come through sat @ mi casa for ton's birthday! we'll have tons of food
had so much fun with jï¿½ and family  happy bday my beautiful aunt! s2
ohhh, he is very regal man-cat! but he is blocked
ouch
tgif!! its a gorgeous day in reno today. and i'm stuck inside.
not having your lights on concerns me! lol! stay safe!
leave for calcutta-delhi-lucknow tomorrow...10 days of absence!!!
'a hike in the woods with four little kids couldn't be that exhausting, right? wrong.'  lol.. try downright masochistic!
i love you too baby  see i'm cool now!!!
it's really gutwrenching.  so sad
i'm a jump off a bridge... not really, but i want to vote  tell them to fix it, just 2 more days you need to win
this week has been awful.
deleted a lott of facebook friends, ask to be my friend again if you want. if not idgaf
lol yeah  i forgot about your tweetdeck statuses! so funny
today is a sad day for tucson: [URL] i shall miss the sour cream apple pie, fondue, and separate seating for groups with dogs
hey it's that old writing avoidance  write 1 continuous flow non stop 4 10 mins=trick i use 2 loosen up gremlins!
not that funny! i wont jump
sounds like a great idea.  wish i could make it
- yes, you are addicted - half my twitter friend updates are yours
ive spent a lazy day today finding some interesting people to follow  its reinforced the saying... it takes all sorts of people ...
it would be so fun.  too much to do.  not enough time or money.
aw  were sad you had to leave tokyo. come back.please
stupid hand. have a2 and flop nut low and top pair. but guy had also out low and out flush. quartered.  at 5900.
awe.. gotta go.. my mom commands me to sleep already..
clay aiken? get me an autograph!
morning chip - loved the new html format on your ezine.
****, for reals? wtf
welcome back to school, don't study too hard, take time off and smell roses too
long to-do list. little desire to do it all.
off to bed .. nighty night everyone
done with the packing and everything else ... leaving in 3 hours ...
_bandoni ok, see you at da climbing
at workyy, trying to get on point with all that i have to do  smile!! <3lin-man tonight!!
i think today i shall listen to some gary numan before starting some remixes
well i will send out an email and you all can pick your fave cake and ice cream flavor  and the 'cup' part is belgian chocolate
i know its awful  but never fear i've got loads of funds so we can have a drunken catch up post-exams ja?
finish some sketches und then go out an skate! yeeeehaaa! got a new deck
download backseat goodbye's latest album for free!  [URL]
i take it you're not a fan
i have no followers
wow- you are sharing some of my long list.
hubby needs a vacation  thank god we're leaving for myrtle beach in a week!
i just watched my favorite movie 'a walk to remember' its so romantic and sad i just love it
sad babies make for angsty writing
dude you are awesome
fantastic, love all things krautrock
went to see wolverine with the husband (who is off work today) - was pretty good
it's patio weather in kirkland!  it's also launch-yer-boat weather, except i'm missing the boat part
just got it a few hours ago! so not yet!
i'm an incredibly happy person with 100% energy. love to dance & laugh...the only thing that i know.i'm one of the most down to earth ppl
just had a lovely walk with my dog ( all on my own! )...in the dark  but it was a nice walk though hehe x.
me too! hehe i hate colds. totaly annoying...
lol,  on blip.fm is not the  on twitter! i hate that song btw
awww, thanks jon!  i appreciate that
about to get my wisdom teeth pulled!
on my way to work! i'm runnin late and i'm sooooo tired!
trying to plan a huge birthday party by myself
my ipod came back to me after visits to cali, china, and alaska...but its at home and im @ work...
may the 4th be with you
why are embossers so expensive? can i do get one on the cheap? trying to save 75%. papersource order goes in tonight. sry bank account
sometimes i feel pathetic going to bed so early. oh well.  i totally get clam chowder tomorrow! =d
good morning twiggas and twitches  [URL] getcha motivation on
haha..yeah..10th of may..lol..im greeting in advance! haha
listening to those litle hyperbirdies terrorizing the world since 4.30! lets cook em
i was in front of u the other day i waved and u didnt  off to eddie izzard now!
love it! really its simple i think of a word and put twi on the front i should be more clever
thanks hun! i'm wearing my new goldmine e/s and big false lashes, but it doesn't show!
have a safe flight...
@ sly party enjoying life  partying tonight.....maybe?
i've had  for a while now, just in case. and yeah, i start work there again tomorrow. very excited
not a problem. i loved that idea, and of course the photos were just perfect!
not even a little bit biknightual  (ha ha... tweedeck doesn't see the spelling problem with bk....ha!) but love it anyway.
no.  and she was suggesting it for loan deferment
srsly, bgt, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early
i told u i tried but 88 said it was 2 late  cause the girl i was with took 4ever 2 get ready. they wanted to meet up by 11.
you traitor  whiskey and coke is my aphrodisiac
is still working  #fb
got my attics w sadie art work included  good times just broke my head phones bad times still happy buy attics!
being followed by compliance.  great.   have to watch what i say now.
to the people i was txting... sorry phone is dead and i can't resurrect it.  hopefully verizon will replace it and i'll it back by tonight
hehe  now im smiling... but u still gotta make it up to me
i just fell going into my house.. not fun
awww bless him  i am indeed coming, 68 days woooo! are you?
just got a shot on my arm. eww.
so sorry i missed it!
trying to do a blend. i know, i suck at them but there's no harm in trying.
going home to get clothes
(votes) sadly no.. but did you vote for my log yet?  i'm gonna vote for yours
happy mother's day to all the amazing women who put up with us crazy, demanding children. thank you.  very very much.
i cooked breakfast for my mom  happy
missing ontario..
you follow me , i follow you. as simple as that
had my lip pierced for about 30 minutes.  and then it died.
i was thinking the swine markets are in decline. but since we can't say that anymore...
they just admitted my grandma to the hospital... shes my only last one  please pray for her
tried  to sleep but i cant bout 2 call tisha
it's an awesome book, can't wait for the film - enjoy and don't be scared  x
i love colorful horsies!
morrissey cancelled on me
check out my latest fb post.  (things i want to happen). i don't think you can miss it.
c'mon people, today is #juddday
_estep i am glad you are getting into your twittering
hey, tdukes! i flwd u immediately this morn.when dhmptn mentioned the bit abt the tattoo. love her,she's my #1fav. twitterer
aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of ours kids and let everyone know it
i miss nicc today.
_of_twtr beautiful!
on my way to work wish i had more days off
[URL]   f3 w (demo) aero wheels. louder, but they cut like a knife. u will hear me coming, passing on your left
discover a whole new beautiful you
our christian mobile directory is running! just a month old  visit [URL]
y am i still awake!!!! smh.... this sucks!!!
alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  she's going to have a nice, blue bruise.
thanks so much for that!  i will most definitely pass that along to my amazing mother...
yay!
ahh i love u! u got a twitterrr
haircut as short as possible, even change color , new me
ugh... waiting.... interminable...
it didnt  - from research the traffic in this beautiful system of twitter is approx 100msg/second.. mine only grabs 6msg/sec
feel like ****.....and will continue to for as long as it takes
greenville for the weekend for my best friends birthday and leaving way later than i wanted...
i work in youth justice
so bored at work, its ridiculous, and my saturday is going to suck with class in the morning
where were u?  (via ) - meetings...
oh, i is dubbed breesaholic insomniac #2  *feels special* oh! must add third angel drink to post
ahh! my right kidney hurts soooo bad!!! ooommmmggggg!!!!
been invited to join a group in second life called 'ballistic autistics'.  cute name.
type cold in my room
_ yes i know, gross, haha im better then them all
of course. i'd send it to you, but i don't think it would survive the trip.
yes, they clearly relished acting together, sparking off each other's performance. and milking all the laughs!
okay gots to go and now for the first time since it started will miss the block party on
had an awesome time with  and
if only  wouldn't have some fiftythousand followers... hugh laurie's just a needle in a haystack now!
i would have, but supertarget didn't have any.
made a seamless connection to toro toro quebec two.
good!! busy as heck but good. feeling yucky at the moment.
poor you. i'm off on bank holiday monday today too
: chillin' at home-watching a movie on tv & making some 'healthified' streusel coffee cake.
thanks  new work will arrive in a few weeks
me hice una maruchan
hey guys it's leann. . i dont know if you remember me but i just wanted to say that i'm very excited to see you guys go far
going to the beach today
just paid my bills now i have no money
[URL] - afc! oh yess
how is your coding going?
no i won't honey i got mad yrs to go , why am i crazy?
aaahhh...just woke up! feels good to sleep in on a monday!!!
i hope my mom enjoys her mother's day gift
jus woke up, late  runnin to work have students to train!
i hate not being able to twitterize on my cell phone  oh well
carls jr sounds hella good, you should bring me some  [URL]
ommg gurll why aren't u going how sad
i think you are super cute...
damnation. i just woke up.
i don't know how to quit you-brokeback mountain
_**** i do!  i'll probably get fired if i do though
just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first time ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere
idk lol my head hurts. rly bad. & so does my stomach... hmm... personally, i think its from all the #s ive had 2 deal wit
thnx babe  just call me when u finish it....
sometimes the things you say hurt the ones you love most unintentionally.  and you can never ever take it back or fix it.
im seeing the hannah montana movie again today
seeing people today made me realize i really miss someone. but i also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ...
screaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam - never freu you zu frï¿½h
nope  i'm bored and hungry.
i hope you like your new sat nav
tx me i have a new fone and i dont have anyones numbers
about to clean my room
thank you, your dedication as a lamb is unparalleled also, all true lambs dedication is unparalleled
wish  was coming too  i guess we can make time for you though if we have to ;)
big laptop is too big, so it's time to switch to the eee.  bye big guy
my your rather random.
_morley lol i love your kids
good morning everyone
choir assembly was bad  it's **** hot, yay!
bummer... might not make it to the sunday show, hopefully some sun will shine on this cloudy day
cant fall asleep
i'm lonely.  i need some hug.
the muscle in my back is cramping up, hurts so bad! owww
i burned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,
im eating a salad  and rember to comment my new myspace pictures plz?
two. just going to visit someone
why i aint on ur #ff list? im hurt
i thought it was already winter. turns out winter has even started
yayy! i cant wait to see them!
yay! power = on! phone = charged. it's hot
omg! is it mine? omg that's so gross, i'm so sorry! i totally forgot about it until just now!
oh, and before that last tweet i spent about half an hour on brushing my teeth with my new electric toothbrush! i feel great
that frenchfry-corndog looks so delish! i want!!  welcome back to seattle!
ur welcome sweetie . anytime . i need to find a way to get more followers , i don't have many
a bacon roll and a tea and the (hack)day is your friend  #openhacklondon
people are pathetic  how do u know some one is trying?
it's a program that shows all twitter and facebook status updates all in one.. it's alright, but yeah probably won't use it often
thanks! that will be you in october
is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say good night but that didn't happen  good night everyone....
hey, no we were second, kind sad, but it's ok   guitar, guitar, guitar  bbq and good time  what about you>?
dad just gave me his old blackberry. not that old... but it doesn't even have a scroll ball. i want that bold.
work out. now actual work
back at it after a weekend of working in the yard. didn't open the laptop once, and i'm thankful.
just looked at your hotel web site..what a place   but they do massage  and thats my job..  lol  lol
is at coffee bean, met dean
internet billing with fee of 30% and only in 13 countries and a setup cost of 5000 for usa alone
it is always sunny on days when i can't possible be outside.  life is out to get me
six feet under theme is on jjj
ur gonna be missed you know  but i hope things will be better for you
wooo...my luck is done
yer it is...poor little ****  but she well doesnt deserve the stick off everyone! cowell once again going against producer
happy mothers day to all moms out there!!
i do not feel good
i wannabe in dubai
oh aye.....he rocks, shes ****
still needs another 6 hours of sleep
scrubs tonight (8.00pm). woo!
haha so your having father daugter bonding time? lol anyways i g2g work get on msn later i'll be bored  x
sweet! when are they going to be publicly available?
i'm so sad, because my beloved boy doesn't online, i wait for him everyday..
grinning like a cheshire cat.... ....happy as hell. they made my day  ??
hahahaha! i haven't been out with my friends since sunday! i'm so lame
suck it up
what's going on sweetheart?
what a dreary day in la. where did all our sunshine go?
have you ever met a guy thatv was everything you want and need but you never really went for it w/ him ? g'nite daddy
omg ur alive!!! lol  2day has gone sooo slow  i'm going insane grrr you doing anything tonight?
weird trigger. you should definitely ask him about them on monday, dude...  ****.
i am officially celebrating my 400th tweet. wow! i am so proud  its great.
my phone does not work in the dons
chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with ian, not happening though.
oh man, that's rough.  sounded like the weekend went well!  get some sleep
who has a day long text conversation? me.
hey dave im just up in the uk and first thing i done was put rr on  could u play ill be there new kids on the block thanks
boo. i used to live in upland... have funnnn
am i not good enough
jonas is awesome! i just watched groovy movies  frankie,, was weird lol
knight...sweet dreams.
in french trois, nobody is sitting next to me. i feel a little lonely...
i'm sick!  it sucks! im me! ohbabayy33
just got my marks...  bcit is the death of me i swear!
grimestopper loss  client lost their job so we did too. hope the quote later today turns into more work. drowned my sorrows w a huge h ...
dang baby i love you ma
so wish the carlton game was on live  stupid channel 7 lol.
why can't you? are you rooting for ali in the twitter war?
so finally.. it's raining in delhi
just sittin here listenin to music.  follow me?
off to bed. only one more day left at school before i get to go on holidays. yay!! finally. i am getting sick of school... lol!
turn over report...done
were you roaming?? same thing happen to me  so i switched to at&t.
but iï¿½m for smaller companies rather than bigger ones. itï¿½s not like i have worked at a big company to prove it, though
plus.. janessa hurt my feelings
forgot my power cable at home today
i'm doing all of russia today! because i'm cracking on with economics tommorow  i'm retaking aswell :/
hey! whats up? im just at the library right now and the comp is about to sign me out
gahh ! this weather sucksss !
it's friday night. i'm home. no party this weekend
maya kibbel does not have a facebook or myspace page
keep telling yourself you'll feel better by doing it and tomorrow can be a lazy day... it is sunfay afterall  (excuses.)
damnit. i have run out of candy coated books.
yeah, i know! thanks so much
ahhhh it won't let me watch the video on my phone
hi susan, read your blog.  it's really good.  i look forward for the tweet updates
i wish i literally could **** just about every **** in the world...ima nymph
#java is not working - hmph!  can't upload photos to #facebook.
thats not really fair. i mean you just up and leave like that and you dont even give us a party  so when you coming back or  ...
that's bad luck!
or... something to do with all the red bull?  hmmm. you think maybe?
listened to it again coz you reminded me. this is so depressing.  ? [URL]
follow me honey
is so glad the weekend is here. only one more week left of school with my kids.
wow i just had a two hour conversation with someone on omegle. it was amazing
my pic is back..  out of the blue..
oh no! poor thing keep us posted.
they closed the voting...all u can vote for now is best movie  hope you win it! my 4 y/o daughter lovesss 2 sing 'the climb'
7 hours and many massages later, i can now spend time with my wife and son. it's mother's day ya'll. don't forget to grab a gift or card.
hey, i can't make it to makers tonight
[URL] - haha that's right
happy mother day to all the mother's in the entire world we deserved a day just for us right...
why is it that america celebrates mother's day on a different day to england? anyhooo...happy mother's day 2 all american mumzys!  x
uuuugh  i hate everything
thank you. i needed that
work in a hour
how's the baby fever
i think i'll pass the worm! haha, but good morning!
ok i got you! knight!
@_lightmare there are like six that hang around my house. if you can get it to come up to you... you can keep it.
went to galveston, want to go back
somehow i have yet to accomplish a **** thing.
i wish my sister lived near me
i'm so lost without my laptop. and no break again for me today. made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today
such a dissapointment  hhaha
aural goodness
wow derek rose got a next student to do his sats.  so what now? he can't play no more?
who will we make fun  of?!?!
i just drove past your hotel  wish u was ere. i'm thinking a december trip for a real white xmas!!
heyy sweety  how did it go at advanced training? waht r u doing?? *hugz*xxxxxxxxxx
sorry for the delay in publishing this weeks show  some technical difficulties during encoding. will be out asap but may be saturday.
back from hospital, now at work... later studio time
i am using an on-screen keyboard
i'm having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf!!!...can't see my face!
being involved in requirements and architecture is nice and all, but now i'm looking forward to writing some code!
our quinn puppy got a sick.
cupcakes, creme brulee, tiramisu~ i want some sugar
i feel sorry for male singers.  they are never gonna be as great zac hanson! pooorr fellas
uh, yeah.  totally.  but then again, i am in real life too, sooooo....
u no there was no point pointing it out yesterday and ppl had 2 wait til midnight .... they were kinda pissed
if anyone needs help with images, let me know and i will convo you the forum's link
feels guility . sorry 'bout that  [URL]
i know that feeling.
never does  anything good school and rabbit it my life cycle dunno how to tune a giutar so i am stuffed
homework
off to bed - i have a hot date with sudoku and maybe a chapter or two reading if i can stay awake that long. have a great night tweeps!
awww  thanks lol - ermm what happened to the studying !? ha ha
just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. i quess its always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses & heels
waiting for the dang pizza to cook. it's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. did i mention i feel like ****
i was so hype about it being friday & it raining outside..no rain all day... but its rainin when its time to kick-it..mr sun is trippin.
my poor andrew just had 2 of his wisdom teeth removed.  i wish he'll get better fast.
yeah i did haha 3rd episode is up as well
_control aw babyy i'm sorry  i gots too excited, haha. <333
getting my hair cut todayyyy! i'm nerrrvous
i don't find this stuff amusing any more
thanks 4 the folow
congratulations!
phillies gamee with mama for mothers day
just bought a good chocolate and a magazine... later i'll play comanche 4... my good saturday
any chance you'll have  a madison, wi location soon?  maybe too small...
its pouring and i have holes in my shoes
greetings joan:  just wanted to say i still miss waking up to your pleasant personality & face in the a.m.    hugs, angel
i did that but my ins wouldn't pay for the therapy  so now i dk what to do!!
does not know hot twitter works
yea yea  im about to torture myself by doing a stanky leg marathon..ima do the dance for hrs til i can't no mo
really sick and tired but my body's resisting rest!
itsurely will dear . in posted a presentation on swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great
is in class, trying to listen but i really like twitter, facebook, .& myspace  oh yeaaah .& i'm hungry!
oh no its ok  they are coming on just now x]
is sick. staying home because that's what levy said to do.
i dont like this random gloomy weather
yaay congrats shmolan on graduating  i'm proud of you!! have fun! <3
[URL] - one of my models from a photo shoot.  stacey
hey twit! just watched poor holly on britains got talent  poor thing!! people are so mean - she only a 10 year old little girl!
yay!!!!   i have mark issues, too...you'll find i have a lot of issues.   lmao
happy mother's day - happy motherï¿½s day  [URL]
theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day<3
thanks buddi and it's no problem  your my friend  yah i should post more pics of london! nothing much really u?
it is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone.
the palm pre doesn't record video
twittering, texting, and ipoding. i love the invention of mutitasking!
ok so i'm **** hungry....!  i'm fat i know..i know..! aha
yeah,we say shite alot here. you say it as shiiite,rhyming with light
floor mopping sounds unappealing
omg i was so nervous last block. i had my speech and i almost puked. it was horrible.... i bet i got a bad grade on it....
my computer at work is not working...booo... need a new one!  tgif!
white house?  this thing's a lifesaver: [URL]
alright! party was a success! we all had fun, & now it's over
either way, that's unfortunate to hear  thanks you both for the head's up.
unless that invite comes with a beta key i'm not going to be much help...
would like to swap...i'm sitting with 3 grumpies
me too  chrome's popup blocker is better
content content content .... gah! story of my life right now - thx for reminding me. that's what i should be doing v. tweeting
i dnt get to go play lasertag w/ my besties!     *old me's dead and gone*
happy mother's day to both of yall.  from me and my boys...
the only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done...you have to prepare the powerpoint slides
thanks  you've been quiet lately!
haha soooo party tonight???
that poor girl on britains got talent, god love her  forgot the words and cried  but gets a second chance to perform again : ]
head hurts and i feel sick  and i have to go to work tomorrow
i do too!! sounds interesting
just woke up...dont want to go into work at 4
my attention for the length of time to type this? tell ya what, ill add old mans war to my wish list on amazon.
has a bad headache
i want to be at
_d no, it's not...
i used to live by the ocean, i shoulda gone to the beach more often
artwork at 3am. gotta get this portfolio done for meca by wednesday. meeting with milonzzi to review it then.
whoohoo! just went to get movies and junk food  its a womens night mwahaha >
_achillies  thanks! and yay for being in my guild!
oh. seems the playable joker ps3 exclusivity on arkham asylum is much bigger than thought.
is anyone else having a bad friday? is not a fun day today.
watching dr. horrible with .  don't be mad!
i'm really full. had a huge breakfast.
on iphone? soon they're adding auto-fill on logins, so you won't have to type it all out everytime.
i can't wait to hear your new album. i'm sure will be amazing.please just replay to me  i love you so much!!!!
work suckd.. another closing nite with 30 dollars pockeded..  i need a new job
im still waitin for my girl to come home...i wanna go shopping
back to school! feels like its gonna be a great day
lindsay we are your spanish fansite and we love you www.ultimatelohan.org please reply us  i wish you a good flight <3
is getting more and more excited about thorpe park tomorrow
#com125: we have a quiz! again .. feliza is bugging us again  its getting very annoying!
gmorning   ooh giirll, mondays
computer.. please stop being so loud so i can do my work
when i heard 'no one' from alicia keys like, 10 minutes ago? you made my night
hey david! gone on the eye yet? it's my birthday, and you singing @ ipswitch-best present ever! have fun breakfast hunting!
rblpn   , you know, i could listen to every version of war pigs ever recorded  ? [URL]
from your fevered imagination, my son
home from a day of pampering with mom & dinner with family. am currently snuggied up on the couch with a glass of wine & a new book. ahhh
ate mandy, please forgive me. i really am sorry. i don't wanna lose my bff
monday, monday. mr. cade is home on the couch & i have lots to do today!
does she like it, or does she roll her eyes?  now i'm curious as hell!  good singing is a real treat as far am i'm concerned!
ooo... no i believe they've all closed down, even the ones at the airport
layin n bed with a headache  ughhhh...waitin on your call...
oh noes, not your average joes in lexington is closing!  sad
i am going to be staring at hello kitty's face at 3-9
oh those messages. probably not
mondays best excited about the week!!
what a beautiful day! hangin with the guys graham and josiah  lol waiting for the others. if you wanna stop by come on over ;) with food
good morning my sexy twitter how's yall doing??? i'm gd but it's like 7:49am n i still wanna sleep
garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! i thought i was gonna throw up! got our tix for fashion show at end of mo.
gotta go twitterers (?) my stupid sister wants to go on facebook  oging to montreal 2morrow so i wont be on for a while! bye!! xoxox <33
haha! thanks! it's the inane grin from grading. some students have been really fascinating this semester
my stay was great! but my mother gave me the cold/flu before i left and i still have a cough...
aww just read your tweet. i'm not sure about later either (work too)  feel it for us
holy cheese sending things to the motherland is muy caro
so the movie was 3-d and really gooood
jared's wearing a green shirt? *sparkly eyes* yee!! i hear #asylm is highly disorganized  hang in there!
that little girl still holding her phone while tears are pouring out of her eyes
happy mothers day  asap everyday!!!
hey  please reply me, i can't call you im from mexico and i don't know the code  love you
this is late, but i was actually in the spelling bee back in the day. i got eliminated in state finals though.
i have no minstrels   i might have to grab some from the petrol station before i head back to work.  they are delicious!
is bored at work
_twist86 **** is picking up!
happy mothers day  all my love
yes for sure ! its all that i would eat !!
nice wedding ring, shiny!
feeling considerably better after 13 hours sleep  still not right though...
wishes her love was coming home
and yep, you've converted me to blip.  been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
hey, but you have gal pals here in phoenix!!!
i do not feel good today
ok guess i need to do actual work now.  how long until 5 pm? oh no. i may have to ditch early.
bank holiday = rain. superb. but a great excuse not to start gardening in the jungle at the back of our house. eating it is then...
to lisa: yes i know who ur talking about and yes he is an ****. dont let him get to ya...you have a great thing going with this chris
i miss you already. all the sad faces you texted me were seriously gonna make me cry.
thabks! this made me feel very special!
yep. gotta go  man! i'll ttyl . . . eventually . . . sometime . . . in the future . . . hopefully . . . soon. ~ ~ ~
mayb he was raped when he was younger
dunno yet, would love to though! i keep missing them any other time for some reason :s & have fun!
my palms are itchy. doesn't that mean something about coming into a great deal of money?
_xd what i tried to say was 'it seems like the people of facebook don't agree'... i guess i fail  -cries-
hello my friend...you found me on gbw? how are you doing? glad to see you twitter but i have to learn german
done with the dentist until november
i doubt i'll get one to be honest
wow.. tagers rock!!!  awesome performance
mhmm idk i thought of just showing up and freaking ppl out hehe...but yeah i totally understand if it is just for u guys  vn sounds cool!!
lol 'if u knew better, u'd do better, wouldnt wear uggs in shoe weather...' awww rip stack b
on my way to lake geneva and i miss my laura
happy mother's day, mommy! hope you will have a good day
gave the bikes a thorough wash, degrease it and grease it. think i did a really good job!
awwwww snaaaap jimmaaayy.  you are the man with hookups.  too bad i'm so far away!!
_kittykat that's very nice of him.
just been asked to sing yet again....aha. coffee mornin this time. psychology past questions&revision suck!
i would but its like 1800 or 1000+ miles  gas prices are crazy im doing alpine next summer most def
okay, thanks!
is about to see adriana off for a month
i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  & im bed ridden.]
it didn't work
its raining!! gng for rain dance
enjoy your day too! prob see u up top of glyders. no pint for me, gotta drive straight back as we've got dog stuff to do sunday
wonder what white supremists have to say about this  i abhor racists. [URL]
meeting the boy?
_tv i hope shatner didnï¿½t address that message to philosophers. weï¿½re doomed if they stopped thinking
hiiiiii! i texted u the other day and u didn't respond  what's up with that?!
_duerden jealousmuch..i want to be outttt  not stuck in revising. you better have green dragon in my honour lol
thanks!  got tired of bleaching it. the, um, bangs there... yeah they are actually a bit purple >_> oopsie.
...as well as bell hooks teaching to transgress.  sometimes i miss teaching & messing with bad system.
happy mothers day to all the mommies!
_clp i heard 88db is better for mixing down...especially  if you use 808 sounds
teaching people the beauty of twitter
i'm sorry, but x-men sucks... in a bad way!  ;p
follow  cause she really shop there!!! even though she don't be showin love no more
happy baby mommas day!!  to all the>> mommas<< on twitterville
you bet!...i'll be there in spirit (i'm in the uk really lol) like the pic btw ****  x
is sad that today is her last day in san diego
still eatin lunch.....n readin comments about last nite....da best comment i receive was 'you really brought anne to life!'
ratings army wives  teary; criminal minds yikes! criminal intent takes all sorts. real life news  horrifying ok me for bed nite all
wow, that is good  i'm on mac too with xp via parallels if you ever need a tester ;)
good luck tomorrow
woo hoo - we have that recipe
i actually participated in lit today :p also, it better not rain
irregularly. and im (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly i really mean not at all. words not even open
star warz day? really..that is a hot topic? man..oh man.. i'm just waiting for star trek!
workin.. still lol i wanted to go to the spring game
more homework.
now that i have a salary, i can actually spend money. hooray! time to go shopping and have dinner at ahora to say goodbye to .
i miss ya, boyfriend!  when am i gonna see ya again? br!tt!!!
watching americas next top model yah haha
that's the birthday boy's ipod touch and dsi set-up and sorted. just to think i would have been happy with a ball + boots at that age!
kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters!
funerals are no bueno
sounds like sonics...which i never had  ...and for the record, i say spicy bred buffalo wings w/ blu cheese & beer
well i am on the right side of thirty
i think i might have to break down and purchase some from the us just because i donot know what to call it over here
tom do u have plans to germany?  answer this for ur germany fas
ah! haha omg  we have no more fudge grahmcracker cookies! boo
no more drinking for harm   doc is convinced that it's the cause of my pcvs (look it up).told not to stop smoking just yet, that will come
hahahaha. nahh sowwieee.  i had to git a shirt to match dez sneakerz nd idk if they da same color. aghhh =o lol
feeling sorry for ian. he broke up with his gf, i feel reali sad cos he feels down!  wish i can give him a huge hug right now
saying goodbye to something familiar never becomes familiar
sunburned on my face & legs. fixing to be my arms tooo.
is planning for surviving financial status after quitting my job, gotta find a new job within 4 months
graduation tonight  i'm gonna miss my boys...mikey, dustin, miles, charlie, travy, nicky, john, jake, all my boys...i love you guys
gnite  fukn nite * wanted sum {pinga} but couldn't get any
.. in sweaters
wow that is a great list... now i need to shop
lol - birmingham was my 1st love... but it's time to move on! ;) good morning
wants to hang out with friends soon!
140 characters, i find, is rarely enough to elaborate much upon anything.
sees your steve coogan and raises you a dylan moran.
i like them all i just saw the movie 4.8 i would give it a 5 if tyler perry wasn't in it
because i couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. it makes me sad too.
is incredibly worried about stanley...
just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean
afternoon! u've got a new pic, nice specs
writing the first 'showstoppers' entry just lost an hours work due to server issues
[URL]  there you go dear  i love her janelle
boreedd
it's ridiculously warm in bed
_tech_update do you know your nutty newsire twitterfeed ones are coming through w/o links? i can't be lazy without the links...lol
awwww i have no internet right now....  -drummer boi
personally, i could not decide which election sign to place on north40 last fall : reagan 08, tjefferson 08 or troosevelt 08
so far everybody look good !  1 more momma goat to kid this month!  hope she has them this week!!
woop, have just bought the elliot minor album on itunes. its finally working for me!!
listening to a del barrio records release. i think cmyk music will have competition over minimal techno in madrid land.
trying to work out how to use twitter!
-i'd love to be able to bike/bus/walk to work, but it isn't safe in my area
cried like a fukn baby today durin da senior show...ima miss all my senior friends
all the people i talk to are gone
i know  my bro asked if i shaked my fists and now own 6 cats. will have to make up for last night this weekend when i'm in philly.
just spent the evening at a gala for her high school drama company's 20th anniversary. lots of memories
ftr i <3 u and miss u on the team already
not but i went to his page and it made me hungry
good morning  i don't think it has stopped raining once for the past three days or so, but who cares?
wzzzzzzzzzup?! its derrek! we r just starting band practice. jayk skylar is leaving for california today. lucky.
not quite sure what ace of cakes is or are. gosh i'm tired. loved bride wars. fun night.
salad from krogers...  i was hungry.
_785 yeah now i'm done but i have to work all weekend  i'm sooooo bummed about it
waking up at 6 am? yuuup. still going out tonight? you better believe it.
can't play world in conflict because the computer is running too slow
last heroes ep until sept  sick & drugged for past 3 days. dr says lacking in everything, esp -get this- sunshine.
i know, they're ****. i am trying to sort out my portfolio and i don't know what to put in it!
starbuck
me too ugh
reading and taking notes but undertanding none of it  ... help!
arnold, california.  aka the best place ever...wish you could come with!!!
cats: unimpressed by thunderstorm. dog: wishes  would come home
man i can cut my hair now. i mean not with cory.  procuts here i come.
having an awesome day? you should... i expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
oh no!!  hope you get better for your show in argentina! good luck!
i'm having tuna & noodles thing, smashed potato cakes &......?   winksy says hi.
get a dachshund they are awesome at getting stuck in silly places i should know i breed them!
hey mar! i miss you also ( yeah  but i gotta find a stupidstupid school (
on the way home dood.. dont think the crappy vodafone gprs can handle yaymen.com
not enough pizza ordered, so i didn't get any. and it was pizza delight too!
_idol looking for a new sms sending solution? [URL] get ï¿½6 free sms with every itagg!
really worth watching at the cinema.  mum really enjoyed it
you know funny thing about everyone packing for e3 is that i am packing to go to mexico... not e3
kinda may have chickened out...
#snl...you've gotten better  keep it up
oh, today my friend goes to usa! , iï¿½m going to miss her so much!  , have a great time darling
holy wow, i think i could've slept all day! soooo tired.
roxy was right. this palmade stuffs pretty cool
sending you both tons of thankful love for sock summit. i can't believe the utter **** that some people spew.
sleppytime. really missing my godfather right now. love you wayne
saddest celeb story of the week  [URL]
britta says she wants to have lunch with you too
organic chemistry  ah so confusing!
aww we love you too
****, i paid like $16 my first slightly stoopid show and now they charge $47 a pop   makes me sad...
just ran some accela unit tests for the first time in about 2 years... and they failed
faith and daphne
gotta check with the bro on that...and mine is a girl
so bored  waiting for class to start. sigh midterms next week >_<
im soooooooo **** hungry!! wat 2 eat??
is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of lam's noodles at 8  #fb [URL]
no. as a result, the salary is a decrease
whaaaat?!?!?  when did that happen?
feel dpressed
_diva as always  coffee? cookies?
hahahahaha, i have a day off
off to collect a tv i acquired from freecycle
happy mothers day to all mom's
my stomach feels like it's touching the ground..i'm so full
i was kinda looking forward to seeing seann william scott in the office today
can i have itl
disturbed. they sold the baby tiger i met in thailand as an exotic pet. greedy bastards
sorry about mr grey, menlo
good. that was the intent.  hopefully others get the same vibe
white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the enw drummer  youre mean!
bahaha i loook like kung fu panda when i wake up in the morning.
after a little bit the drink isn't actually so strong anymore
time ticking by sooo sloooooooooowlyyyyyyyyyyyyy
thank god  is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
in computer class, photo booth doesn't  work
heyheyheyheyehyeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy noo tokio hotel tshirts im friad omg shame
i hate when a program freezes during installation.
yes, we will! we should maybe do it in a dm though so we don't annoy our followers. thought of that too late.    good night!
great first impressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the ram
lol brandy and mr whiskers is on
i feel like i have to throw up.
sooo reluctant to study for finals right now.... but i have to
....welcome to public transport  x
possibly a carpenters number,topical.
still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!
yea it looks good, the flower i mean.
epicentre wheelock place, 250 units & for tourists only. starting today
did you have fun last night? we didn't see you.
date like a man so you dont get played like a ****
good luck.. mine 3rd day today !
the hair looks sicckkkk.  happy mothers day to all the mothers!
marrrrrrrrrry me! <3 have fun partying tonight, have a drink for me, if only i was 18 i wud come there just to see you!
work...
at work but punchy due to two early morning pager events.
nw macedonia: few rainy days in a row.
you're welcome!
john making me wear a mask and gloves at work cause i'm sick. says he doesn't want to catch swine flu.  [URL]
whats wrong with my flickr  [URL] my quilt top photo only shows when you click on it! sad story!!!
- it is supposed to be an unrelated (story-wise) new part of the fallout series they're working on... only the name is out
**** week all **** week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
_pills we have a punching bag here! but ive never touched it, covered with my brother's sweat.. but u can use it if u want! hehe
omfg i have been downing them they are so tasty. i ate almost all of them with lo
*hugs* love you, mamabear!  happy mom's day!!!! (in case i don't see you around tomorrow)
im so very sad that i am at work today and cant win tickets
lovin' your performance on snl tonight... so **** funny!!!
i want a call from you.  go michigan! hahha
morning ali a big thank you for yesterday love you always xxxx. you out on the bike today? don't forget to get a helmet ok
helping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up
off to the bank
miss you in that 70s show!!!!!!
chilling feeling really nice..
hey, nothing wrong with that!
have you watched persepolis? broken english is also nice for sundays
well it's official i have strep
is thinking what song to use for the next chilled edition video!
going out to down town with a friend, long time haven't seen him...okok.. i am feeling fresh again
on route home! parents 35th wedding anniversary 2day.. gona take em 4 dinner  let's c if i find a woman i can be 2getha with 4 that long
aha i bet they are cute,should we wear our nu **at  the same time so  i cn show you mine,u cn show me yours
i don't think they sale ciroc where i stay..****..thats just my luck
i feel like a nerd saying it, but the new star trek looks kinda cool, i might see it haha. let me know how it goes!
i want 2 get my nails done today, but according 2 superstition i can't. guess i'll have 2 wait til tomorrow then..  off 2 french!
i've only seen star trek twice. seeing 'up' today but not in 3d since i was outvoted.
happy mother's day to all the wonderful mothers in the world!!! myself included...
surprisingly liked star trek (contrary to the theory that star wars fans are anti trekkies)
its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep
happy belated birthday francesc fabregas! wish you all the best fabre
santana - maria maria (the wraith)  ? [URL]
will be heading to baguio in a few hours.
hi!  i'm eunice kyna! i'm a huge fan of yours! can't wait for your next album! ;)
wow the  vicodin must have worked i over slept... better get updating bjaday.com or i will not have a job
hey dave, whasup?
i can honestly say that thematic had a big part in my blogging enthusiam ~ i love being able to do what i want
haha, you didn't do anything wrong.
uggg my computer is running sooo slow today, it's driving me batty! guess its time to remove files and defrag again ugg want a mac
and a good morning to you!  up early with a bad conscience, trying to make up for taking a day off yesterday, are we? :p
getting ready to go to ikea. all alone cuz no one will go with me
aaa new follower! hiii
i hear you   any time earlier than 11am is just mean!
ok, i'm going outside...wish i was playing basketball  oh well...
watching star trek and next to watch it at the movie theater 'cause the movie is really worth it...
finally came around to shorten my twitter username from  to . if you follow me - no need to change anything.
#ferber as happens every few days, rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.  the good/bad news is that i was still awake, due to afternoon nap
that's awesome. can't believe they have the poster up already! i haven't seen one over here yet
hm, this not a good medium for much more then yes/no  i am responding to previous posts,days ago, & other conversations we had
after being down for several hours, finally my site is back online. silly dns setting mistake
whew! i literally shopped till i dropped....and sprained my ankle.  ugh...do you see the sacrifices i make for you??
work is mad blocking sites! no fun  but they aren't blocking facebook, twitter & youtube
i gave up cable in these tough economic times.  it was either cable or shoes, and you know what cable lost
12seconds - friday night update:  has left the city.  [URL]
sure, its easier to login every day and make posts as an admin or mod, but ill try
wish i brought some warmer clothes. it's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (& the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
mom is wearing shrug i bought her 2morrow...i can't wait 2 c her n it..cute
who are the crew? please dont be me...  i dont think it is but i could be wrong i have been a number of times...
nope anthony wrecked his car i have to help him get it running
happy mother's day to all the mothers out there! do have a good and enjoyable day
yea dude... 5'8'! really!?
poor thing. come watch tv at my house  lol
i missed you today...i know you must feel very tired. i will give you a massage tonight
as it turns out i do not get to go see the decemberists...
_death well i'm impressed with your technical skillz
_nkotb lol you r not a loser u drove 8 hours in a day.. u need rest  of was it 2 days? i'm still tired lol
dont think me ugly - but tha dumb **** is lookin a lill betta - an he know it!
farewell dinner with my kimmy. last time i'll see her in a while
def see ya tonight, we must get some rn photo's, i didn't get any yesterday  lol! and thanks for doing so, please don't forget!
working at hop city. gotta miss baseball
b/c 'we' only have baby phat, phat farm, applebottoms & fubu!! and they come up pretty weak!! double
muay thai was awesome. i'm gonna be sore in the morning! i feel like being bad and eating junk tho
waaa the octo drive and i can't go for it
i read the disclaimer, i had to close my browser  [URL]
****  real sorry to hear that ma
sounds good to me! no more cleaning cynics orders. haha. good night. talk tomorrow.
is still awake at 5am but for way better reasons.  a fantastic night with fantastic people... and fantastic food!!
i'm getting more and more reactions when stroking the cat.  now i have welts on my hands from where she caught me with her claws.
i need to relocate to the west coast.. this weather here is killin me!!!
[URL] - a gift from my boyfriend... this little guy keeps me company at night
yes. and it was really good. even though i am not into sci fi i loved it. & haha, i know.
beer, smoki and lucky strike...good times, good times   at work...drawing stuff
no westin discounts?   anime expoï¿½ 2009 provides additional discounts for hotels: [URL]
and sorry that sounded like a 13 year old texting!!! just tried tweetshrinking built into tweed deck  just another cool feature.
*sniff sniff* i want thie app for my iphone but it's only in america. free anime, games shows and more for you iphone = win. but no uk =
i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now...
just finished ysc runthrough for service! it's gonna be awesome!  - [URL]
it's raining at seaworld
you mean the post concert blues ;) *lol*  well, i soooo know what you mean ...
down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
is really sad about her nephew  but keeping busy sorting out items for bwm! [URL]
don't we all love bank holidays
[URL] today: nothing but efteling-fun !! not too sure about that python-rollercoaster-ride though
[URL] - left: this is your brain. right: this is your brain on drugs.
idiot family and how i have been feeling just don't mix amongst other stuff
oh, i see what you mean. that is true if they are used improperly, which we know they are.
in seattle washington....im sooooo hungry&i miss alaska
was a little slow to try this one, but ben & jerry's mission to marzipan is a bit of a letdown.
enough already about wolfram alpha: the next google, or the next cuil? [URL]
aw i wish i could.  i have to get ready for atlanta and i have to come into work since i am behind on work
feeling really good about my performance on the ap government & politics exam this morning.  going to lunch with krista.
well it's not far back to sanity. at least it's not for me.
i still can't believe the matt mccoy interview got 255 views!! twitter truly is....awesome!
daaaaang. up: in 3d.. sold out
thanks for the reminder. hope all have a great time
loves the smell of roast in the oven - thanks  for the ideas!
'answers on a postcard'?! what century are you in?
long weekend. thank god i can sleep in on monday
yeah   when he goes there he always brings us these things. + he just let me last something called 'bird milk' and it
that includes you.
wal mart
i have clocked out for possibly my last time at northview middle school.
i am writing the most boring part of my paper. hmm. the sun is shining and i do not feel like working on this, however i have to
sowwy. lover you
lots of reqs today.... no fun
no more high school...
_frog... yes they are!!
me too dawg  thanks so much!
erm yeah watch as it sways and collapses into the river below lol.  next time you are here we shall have to drag you there
awwwwwww, our kitties are the best!
[URL] tonight's art show was a success.
i am in a middle of a industrial estate in pirate ffancy dress,ready to do a 7 mile walk
good luck  haha i loved your character in the bring it on: in it to win it  movie
just learned aobut #starwarsday. thus: 'there are only 3 movies and han solo shot first'. deal with it
busy day! no time to tweet  bmore what's happening this weekend?
will sleep in a while. still mourning the adobo he cooked.  [URL]
_mcc bye, scotty!  i'm gonna miss you. ily<333
yeah  it will get better though  i know it!
has decided not to go to uni today!  [URL]
nope im nott! i was planning on doing but my aunties come over from america and we're havin this big family meal so i cant  ****
my little foster kittens are getting big...chubba and winston are going 2 b missed when they get amazing homes.
had to many weirdos on the other one
just saw it tonight as well... great movie!!  hope you're well mate! cheers e
the #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell threads show how women and men alike are screwed up and struggle to have real, honest relationships
is downloading new fonts . again  [URL]
what happened to my early night? am about to turn into a pumpkin
has the day open until 4. don't know what to do. everyone is leaving today
goin to ma cousins soon, there dog is soo cute
been to beach+ nanny's just got back- roast iater and then pudding
_333 yeah.    i couldn't call my dad, mom, or brother either.  mom = on the phone.  dad = phone card expired.  brother = at work.
we all have our moments of intense genius...and power...and well, at times, sheer insanity  i need a sanity check!
i need to come spend some time on your roof - i miss you &     double date in a couple of weeks?
congratulations, i hope you have an amazing day
i think june gloom has arrived
i will have to agree w/ u
sorry  you wouldn't believe how much feedback we got on that menu bar icon.  the next version will be a lot more subtle
officially has pink eye.
you are welcome  's book is a good reminder as to why we escaped the cube!
you're welcome.
morning all - happy star wars day - may the 4th be with you!
i haven't talked to you since the last day of school!  that's no right.
yess! talking 2 a hott guy!  happy **** ****!
oh yum - rhubarb. these links are fab. thanks
thanks for that, now i learned something new today  enjoy.
ug. full of cold and in a dark pub. want to go outside
david mitchell's presenting 'have i got news for you' tonight <3 i love him! i think he's ace <3 on another note, **** this headache
greeting again every momma : happy momma's day!
feeling better. drugs are awesome! sad waste of a 3 day weekend!
ha good morning! may the fourth be with you too
knew she was an idiot..
fireworks @ kboom concert... second best i've ever seen...preceded only by last year's show 2008 <sigh>
playing guitar hero, waiting for abby to text me after prom
ok just between u and me  and all of  our  followers on twitter what do u really think of  ? lol
___ okay, i'll finally get to meet dia! that's her name, right? oh geez i'll feel so stupid if it's not.
im almost to 300 updates. 200 more to goo
we'll write a song that turns out the lights <3
when i tried to go to her's i got this message 'that page doesn't exist! '
i dont wanna get out of bed i wanna go back to sleep.. i have to open the store at work though
press 'ctrl' on bottom right. the underscore for e71 is there.  ky
oh i'm really tired of these migraines! #endometriosis & #fibromyalgia & #migraines & sleep probs just compoundin ea other since surgery
claire  love the show, got into the office @ 5am and no radio
im at work!
neighborhood research today, day 1 of 5....and a little bit of shopping
kev, **** off! i'm stuck in westgate working
oh why do i keep stumbling about deathfic without warnings. do not want
why?
mother's day is this sunday.... don't forget to send her something special  [URL]
awww!  we can do that and then go to chick fila
why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot
time to learn another language?
i still want a smartcar!!! don't they have the most wonderful designs ever?
head in the clouds
lol!  good men watch the flicks w/us and just sigh!  this is a good flick so far it's called 'because i said so'
[URL] - i should really try a different pose some time.
it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!
_beachmex can't dm you since you don't follow me.
finally got to see you
[URL] - when you'll come in bulgaria??? you have a great fans here!
hear  full album preview during todays webcast!  #jonasnewsongs no wayyy i couldn't 'tune in'
goodbye **** in the city  let me hurry and give mi cuz that paper work  !!! have 2 have summer in bk !!!
my paycheck was nothing but a piece of paper.
sulking at home while it rained was poor strategy.  now i'm watching the sun shine from a desk in the robarts reference room.
: just the dinner
ha ha...just found a new cocktail: dances with wenches (cranberry juice, spiced rum), sounds nice but i don't have any cranberry juice
that 'preview' of a trailer for new moon was a joke...14 seconds. still watched it tho. twice. lol figured i missed something! still sick
sounds painful   sorry you got hurt.. and may i ask how this happen?
fyi, connie and carla is not as totally awesome as the previews make it seem  sorry about that one.
you will never be the same...
i'm not having a good day... can u cheer me up with a tweet?  even tink will do. lol.
thank you all once more for all your lovely birthday messages
ok, 1st ginormous cup of coffee down, monday looking much better to me.
i wanna go.
ah yes dropping the bear thing  it's such a lovely day here! very odd for stafford!!
a salute to chapel hill north carolina. from sy  * ? [URL]
the movie on the plane is mall cop- (but i saw it with the nephews already
my dad worked for sw when i graduated hs. worked at hou 21 years.   he retired 3 years before i joined the company.
yep, probably will be... wish you had let me know you were interested... had extra corporate chalet tix and let them go
biglots by my house has jesus & virgin mary rings in one of those machines i rocked one for a while til that **** broke
the there's confuse me
i miss my husband
_ottawa ur welcome, sweet dreams!
_honi might be cute to do a little picture book called 'the little book of boring'
hay naku!!madaya ka talaga ah hehe ..hey happy mothers day to your mom nga pala   and to your mom also
i hate crowds   [URL]
has got the slow cooker going, now just to get ready for work
i sing everytime
he's gonna do it for mothers day  ever notice papa looks like squiggy from laverne snd shirley. i love him.
aw! i'm gonna miss my old username... nick jonas, shontelle layne, and sean kingston replied to my old username!  i'm gonna start all over
too much sulking over being single going on tonight on tumblr - gru3some: i am here to save the day.  [URL]
yea running on 3 hours. lets do this test
finished the book... vat a good book <3333
just read it too.  i meant the toys though.
ok  i kinda thought so... i mean those 2? ... it would be funny though.
noo sorry my love...after that i'm going to pop about 7 zyrtec and go to sleep
only one more day of jay leno  que sad!
worried about mr. socks tonight.
monday morning  lots to go out.. just waiting for a mate to add a style to my table and im set
finally home  crazy party 2nite! thanks  4 driving me home!
i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before?? really?
i want 2 see that movie, too!!  have fun!
oh man i would but i'm fresh out
cool beans, yeah man - no prob at all
is going to buy a wacom today ... goood times
it's driving you insane? really? it's sterling knight playing chad dylan cooper on sonny with a chance
i want a hug!
is making me hot chocolate with almond milk.  mother day festivities is starting early!
happy mother's day to all the moms out there
ahhhhh! my 'let the right one in' dvd broke
are you guys gonna get the metal detector from the brickmans? i saw chad ask davey on fb. sorry 'bout your ring
like spirits in the night ooooh night, quï¿½ grande ere mr. springsteen
happy mothers day! same day, more chocolate
yeah, my brain does rock!  i am happy to share my knowledge with you carrie
i'm scared to set the pw on my bb bc i might forget it & end up losing all my data. but yet i have financial info on it. catch 22
_watson i can't this weekend, sorry  and steph is working.
is it ok to send iflowers to your mom for mother's day trough this iphone app? [URL]
do you remember them all.... do not take that as a challenge to!
short stack need to add some more short stack tv
dude there is no sun here.
didn't make it out to shop.......      there is always tomorrow.
i don't know. what does it take to butter you up? actual butter?  xoxo
starting a new diet today. i don't want to get fat. besides, its almost bathing suit season! *lol*
i am down  i need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle  ironic huh...
thinks his haircut isnt as bad as it looked yesterday.....  - still bad tho!
had a nice visit last night from a boy with voracious stubble, does anyone know what to do about a raw chin? haha
i'm so pumped for the day!
doing accounts revision. boo
just had some strawberries for afternoon snack, i love strawberries!! gonna make a strawberry smoothie tonight after the gym
installed ubuntu 9.04 on my office lap! yaaaaaaaaaaaay!   'install under windows' feature rocks!! #awesome #ubuntu #excited
i feel like **** right now and i have one more month of school left  fml hard
-- yeahhh u wasnt thereeeeeeeeeee
haahaha omg.. dude i read that and almost choked.. haha thanks
know i'm not the only one.  just harder on me.
aww i hope it does fly by because jt episodes are usually really good (and it's early but so far this ep hassn't disappointed)
glad i wore my black rats and a flowy shirt im so full from my dozen mixed oystsers seafood platter and death by chocolate
i'll say  even i don't do dominos anymore - i prefer pizza hut's crunchy fresh veggie pizzas
say cheese for the camera, or throw up some western mass gang signs to be cool
bout to get ready for work ugh i hate workin on fridays
un mesaj de eroare: forbiddenyou don't have permission to access /photo/3180758.jpg on this server. am ghicit?
my new car is already giving me problems  that cant be a good sign.
joining facebeek.  what a loser, i have no friends   amy where are you?
new baby arrived yesterday. a fab baby boy at 2.8 kilo  very proud and happy
i heart mela so so much cept last time i went they booked us in on the saturday instead of the friday and wouldn't feed us
****. i have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  #lostthegame (blame  )
of course i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool
haha! sometimes mobiles makes us slaves ... but it has its own advantages too!
just wrote lyrics to my new song exciting!i slept on a full stomach again it's the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh
just found out my kitty isn't pregnant  its a good thing though, we are going to adopt one instead
at twin peaks. high  yay!
watching short stack tv
that's gorgeous. i'll check out your new pics!
for some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. and for another reason, a family history book got attached to it  now the back is jacked
now to go home and cry
can't believe this ****! i've spend 30 minutes for for a snickers ice cream... seems like no one does then anymore!
missy higgins kate voegele grace potter and the nocturnals
you are just wrong!!! now you've come to brag with a full belly??? smh ...
what is everyone saying about the supposed **** pics of matt striker? hope he doesn''t get in trouble
i like
_nation just launched twittix v1.10 - not convinced
i want to play parachute games.
thats awesome!!  good idea!!
no im not  cries lol
a long day with the family.   i'm so tired now.  had fun!
bumping air supply's greastest hits
well, my aunts dog died. i understand how devastated she is. i'll probably head over there soon for support
i hate it when trevor drives
so physical therapy
yeah... we still needa hang out! lol. i's glad you had a super time at the show
#followfriday in honor of my web buddies who moved.
that comment was just to ..well you know...to not reply to it.
i miss jack n box  and whataburger  and oooo taco cabanaaaaaa  lmao
funtime was not a lot of fun!! but finally done with it
new star trek movie = awesomeness. unnecessary brief underwear scene (pun intended) but besides that, just awesomeness.  #startrek
lol read me like a book
_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us
lol yeah  haha. yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. slowly sorting out everything lol. exams are coming d: haha
computer remains dead
are you feeling better? sorry you're feeling under!
there's not many things better than sleeping with my windows open
happy star wars day. may the 4th be with you!  nice that we get a holiday to celebrate  #fb
aww homesick  i feel you! im homesick for my 2nd home, campp
excited about cwpm tomorrow.. only one member is going but still , its a good start
i've had to do laundry for the last two days
my work buddy left early today so now im all lonely.  keep lookin at the time and its barely only a min later than last time
i think you'd look cute in the beanie hat
i love the sunshine and the happiness it brings
sheboygan / teekay / other kids / fight / angus / ryan / mall / mcdonalds / high / party / beer pong / drink / drive home. fun night
no one wants a #virtualkiss
yay, my train is late... it starts here but it's 15 mins late arriving from london in the first place
trully a awful day! ****!
ik, i feel sooo bad for them
actually was planning on working @ w12th but alas meetings kaiboshed that plan
lunch, yes. a date, nope.
omg! i know!  i give myself a stroke everytime i go getting mad at them. (quietly with the windows rolled up.    )
so how are you doing this morning ?
that was flippin' sweet, dudes. thanks for sharing
gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00 i'll never had a chance
have to return my sideways. **** meds and bills.
: [URL] germany loves you, haha.
heading into glasgow for a rehearsal for my upcoming show
true but if i don't put a case on it i'll break it in a week.  don't worry ill find a way to make it work.
aaaaaahhhhhhhh !!!!!  soooooooo sweeeeeeet !!!!!!  i miss that age ..... soooo much !
the idiom?? doesn't ring a bell eh? hahaha. y'are really thinking of food?! nope. actually in the bathroom. teehee
i am so hungry! and there is no food for me to steal
leaving nola today  counting down the seconds 'til i start crying. love this place so much.
stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xd
those aren't even the old dolls...they are the new ones that look like sailor moon!
haha what's up matt ?
ever seen the tv show dead like me? i died and became a grim reaper. taking people's souls after accidents
i'm bored at work
just saw my boo he went back to work now time to do my hair but it's going to rain wtf
ill call you on my home phone to your home phone    after dinner tho! coz im almost ready to eat, is that ok? ****
its chilly n lonley n this livingroom
i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around **** people
i got a coach purse
#phped 5.6 running successfuly via #wine , now to get ems running
i looked all cute too!
loves it that the first monday of may is a bank holiday!  [URL]
just arrived at , on about 150 fellows i can't see a girl!
but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of god! my germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare
wearing glasses gives me a headache.
i could but won't get here in time before my vegas trip  so i'll still look like a noob there~
is my son - he gets my vote today coz he has grown into a loving, caring 'soul-full' man - who loves his mum
follow me please!
so sorry to hear that.  i lost two hard drives this year, i know the feeling
not impressed....! it might go away if you complain too much!  x
why don't any of my friends ever miss me  why do 40 year old pervs like me  why can't i be a shape shifter ((((((((((((((((((
more pictures! it was such a pretty day  [URL] #fb
yea...looks like it is...sorry abt nt gettin in touch..was hectic
omg that's awesome. this is the first time ever i'm not seeing it the day it comes out. demi is taking over my day. haha
u don't know harajuku lovers?
i have runny nose... i can't breathe.. terrible feeling...
morning world! back to the office after longgggggggg weekend
time to mow the lawn.
aight, pau au'au... heading to the blaisdell arena for the ladies of the 80's concert!!! cheehee... awwrrite!!!
what a fun night
4x4s are the shizz
shoutout to reyah my fellow philly homegirl we're both making the best of hard situations  (push) pray until something happens.. much love
just at home, not much going on, had a long day
video is not available to us foreigners
i absolutely love mike watts from sexy heroes
at the airport waiting
i know people say that power naps are good for you all the time, but i kinda always miss the alarm
[URL] hi!!! you are pretty man... i cant upload more pics here for some reason  you wrote you wish to find a women ...
i want one so bad  get one for me ?? (:
stupid shopping bags left a red mark on my arm
im really excited! cant wait
i want some pineapple! i miss my baby
woke up at 8:30am....now 10:30am and no clue what to do....?
hello!  ! following on recommendatiion of  !
will terminator be on next week's trs by chance? and i dont mean tuesday's release, but the next
on that note - i do not feel missed.
ha **** im ready.  but **** that ****, i cant believe she had the balls to call me. haha wtf!
gain an instant follower, just use the #**** tag in a tweet. wtf? lesson learned, summer of todd to get a new *official* tag.
thank you for the follow friday love
happy mother's day to all moms out there!  i just played tong-its a while ago.
someone keyed my car.
drinking cordial  yes im bored
wtf at facebook spam saying that my dad is my secret admirer
i need to speak with ! but i left my phone at home
thanks! i'm going to the laker game tonight. sec 108. i love la!
i want to see my bud mel  miss hur loads
it didn't rain.  lightly misted though.
oh god they're breaking down so much plaster what are they doing in there  i like walls, thanks!
at minibar... listening to politics  maybe some tech starups soon?
resting had a whole day of walking
roll me in your arms cuz i cant remember ever falling this hard.. -avalanche by dc
goddamnit! if we live in an age of constant communication why can't anyone return a text
such a great idea!
sourish limbs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i haven't been on at 12am for a v long time...even more so on a fri
congrats to the a's!! ugh, we still have til the end of june
@ work do not feel like bein in dis **** today
i don't know what to say except *hugs*
let me know how it goes i'm praying. ummmph. i still can't believe it.
yay! we will have to get together soon and do something
good morning tweeties
drat. all my land boots died at once. i think of boots like parsley- one going to seed, the other first season. what to do now?
sweetie, if you refuse to offend, who will?  we expect it -- nay, we count on it.
hey kelvin, my day's been fantastic so far! we're getting ready for a family mother's day function shortly
hurray! 'summer-time' starts today, meaning i only have to work until 4 pm, instead of 4.30. until august! yay!
thanks man. i really appreciate the kind words
packing  i don't like it..
trying to sell my gm stock
is there a way to block followers?  i have no idea who you are. .  sorry..
yeah man, been a while since i heard you spittin'.
monday is here, one more day
gl and say hi for me!
[URL] - its so pretty! the girls must love you a whole lot  happy bday again!
i hate when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers.
misses jp  i do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it, just makes me want to cry
: i will press that ignore button
just got back from the doctor... i don't need surgery yayyy!!!!!! but my knees are still ****  not gonna get better
fully understands why these cats have cabin fever! holy ****.. i really wanna be outside!!
mourning venus' third round loss....
no code i think  coined the phrase hottie switchfoot guy for tim hsg for short  ~wendy~
happy mother's day! you are beautiful.
leaving now  dont miss me too much tweetbeaks <3
actually i could do with going to weight watchers
let me google that for you [URL]
aww lovely! hope you had a great mother's day, our little mother hen  did you get in contact with sharn?
waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored.
sorry was that mean
is feeling good.. kinda tired.. miss him... can't wait for grad this weekend!!
i've already been cleaning for over an hour!!! so much more [URL]
_erincharde yea as an afterthought
thanks synn!
besides feeling sick...some things have made me feel particularly happy
hey u know the sub on digg i said i needed help on soon? well it's up now n wud love it if u could digg it pls  kaushik
well kris is making me a sick panda
oh, tonight is a good night
i found a link on wwe.com  [URL] stinks!
ughhhhhhhh i don't feel good
i might give it another go.
thanks! it was really fun to do. i do love those 60s romances/comedies (though that one could have used more comedy imo).
i work til 10:15...
my head is hurting
hello  i am ur biggest fan, and i rly carnt w8 till new moon comes out! good luck 2 u nd all the cast filming  ****
my twitter was born on 12 feb 09. today, at this point of time, 4 may 09, 3:56pm (gmt+8), i have 805 tweets (including this one).
done with facebook. off to jamlegend
and this is better 4 me than a snickers bar or hersheys w/almonds.... which i use to b addicted to b4. i miss them  lol
so much happier, despite my looming departure
wow, emc's new site is - different
been helping ex-student with uni assignment via skype .... gotta love a connected world. now sudying 'game design'. even better.
super hungry... dominos or martabak... both tempting and fattening
going to have bfast now
no! strange, each time we return i feel like i have come home and yet i have no spanish blood that i know of....
need to get a hand
finished breaking dawn last night. i managed to finish those 800 pages in 3 days. it was so good! i'm sad that i'm done w/ twilight saga
is off today and gonna go shopping!! t-minus 22 days til cuuuba!!
morning  football today! thinking of learning some applescript
you're very welcome! i love reviewing free apps as much as downloading/using them!
last night's paper writing session=still not done. i need to prioritize better.
always come up when we have the money least, it's the rotten law of averages
don't make me smite you! and yeah  yeah it really does. no cuties for me
me & kelly share the same last name, wouldnt that be sweet if we were related
watching the seeker
just got to la  miss hawaii already! dang
you're a real ****. i'm gonna slap you in public.
i can't feel the weekend fever anymore when everyday is  a day off
at the hospital today then shopping with mom  love you so much.
i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x
nothings better then going out for chinese at the supperinn with ma fave cousins at 1am
goodmorning yall! i woke up to early
all the money in the world could never make me as happy as being a stay-at-home mom with my son
no deal i want it as well as my netbook and iphone please
last day of school and last concert of my life.. wow.. can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mhs..  had graduation practice today..
i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little..
goodnight world.... goodnight eddplant.
could be getting sacked soon not good
finally got all 7 overdue books out of the little room and into my now overstuffed back pack!
happy moms day
'vision of love' play now 'i had the vision of luv n it was aaaaaoouoouoouu that u..turn out..toooo' mariah this ur part
it's been doing it for two days. we have a comcast technician scheduled for tomorrow morning.
(raises hand) oh! oh! me too! #caffeine
playing with image
finally gonna try and fall asleep goodnight.. more like morn... i sleep
**** back home in tallcree (rez)  now i cant see my boyfriend
heeey, we won ice hockey....we are winners!!
today was busy.. geez. getting ready then graduation
that's how it is supposed to be and sometimes we get too busy to recognize that but always family after god
i heard it is not illegal unless you are caught
jeff can't get his visa in time to come visit me!    i'm so sad.  in other news, i'm going to lapa tonight to samba the night away.
getting ready for work.
if you were down the road from me you can bet i would be right there  #mmot
still no date for bon iver next week
speaking to my new tweeples.... getting acquainted with them... if you've never spoke to me.. do so now
#bsnl, stupid net went down.. been without email for a whole day
training #stud-life: a fost tiberiu lovin la noi. am aflat ca sunt imbecili peste tot. fun
yaaaaaaay, bday!
**** i hate when the strawberries run out in my special k
actually a great start to the day, hope it continues  getting my new american oversized bed in the evening!
never answer me back
awwwe! i live in van, would've been so great to see you  but have a great flight!
xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. i was...looking forward to that.
my tv is so boring
you can save it for next time!!   ? [URL]
aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad
had not heard the title or author before, must look it up  enjoy
tweet later! byee
wants the tickets for the concert
reading through today's paper along with some watered down coffee compliments of my 'rents...
hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! really, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
oh yeah, i'm the poorest person of all. but i shouldnt joke about that, poor other people
i wish i was going to see      today!! i'm sad i dont
awwwwwww holly
a very special happy mother's day to all mommies!
so i just failed my second year of med school. i don't know what to do or say.
just watching hollyoaks omg
shiv, his place, slowly i hope
i just made myself a wonderful breakfast!!!!!!!! now i have to get ready to workout
another david hughes on your list? i'm hurt   ftw!
sleep? i need to go to my mums but by the time i get there, clara will be in bed
izzy!!! so sorry to hear that - what a disaster
says np- because of you -- ne-yo  (music) [URL]
the computers and the ethernet at school are so slow!
ah! a clean house...finally, so nice
it was t4 i think hannah  ****
been working on a framework for web based #sl application. have product registration, server, login, site, security, & comms all done
happy mother's day to all the moms out there! special shout to my momma...luv ya! and pat....even though you're a jehovah's witness
thinking about opening macmaze sources as i don't have time to work on it anymore
get  the twilightguy on your show
i dont have one here - dunno if my mom ever had one or not -
lula is not feeling well.  [URL]
morning world, is raining 2day so revision don't seem so tough,
not feelin 2day
omg! i saw ur update nd it said 'david archuleta'!!!! lol. they shoulda had more david on it! <33 david's awsome!!  t4p!
how bout what your doing now, or what you gonna do today  lol
i went to the world education fair today. it was a whole different kind of circus.
a mocha at 12:30am? my, youï¿½re brave
good to hear  i have a feeling though the 'behind the scenes' and/or being there is better than what is shown on tv!
_ sounds like you got a fan in danstorce.
a group of people naked  woooh
yahyan:  iaaaaaaaaaaaaan, i was just joking
love  love him.  [URL]   @ that tease of your baby @ the end... boooooo. still luv tho.
i woke up and my hiccups came back!
she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her.
having a great time in kc  [URL]
got really sick today  text me later. nap time
i have perused the #fieldnotes website and it is good.  too bad i must return to work
did you find them? tell us how they turn out won't you! we're making blueberry pancakes this morning
i forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead
well one is a muscle relaxant and the other is an narcotic if your still not getting help i dunno what to say  moist heat?!
love that she couldn't just stop with one picture! first one is priceless, but the speedo is great, too.  kudos to mom.
i know  it **** sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something?
having indian food in the middle of wales, very very typical, huh?
shut up fool ....where you been at??? i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me
have a nice sunday  ****
no...i'm just tired..
is watching 1000 places to see before you die
woohoo! congrats to your friend and the boyfriend.
ugh talk to me someone  i'm really bored.
i heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but i couldn't catch it.
im liking escape the fate alot tonight.  excited for estk      nemonemesis
he brings sooo much joy!! show it!!  great song! ? [URL]
tom are the mito tour dvd's still being made cos no where seem to be stealing them and i really want a copy
sensation ocean of white portugal: absolutely amazing  adoreiii!
ugh, i dont feel like going to work today
hey  why thankyou. how's u? x
jb are so cute!  lmfao -giggles-
happy birthday justin! have a lof of fun!!! god bless
**** on the beach, cosmo, kamikaze, captain america, ahhh fun night. still not over.
converting the armin only - imagine concert for my iphone... fun fun
_wx it looks like it did in ohio after a tornado hit.
oh how the ladies will suffer now  lol
'never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.' i like that quote.
yes i think it's safe to say she is at the same popularity level today as always.
been there done that with the laundry!  you know it sucks, but it is so nice to of them to do it...just say thanks.
happy mothers dayyy all mothers especially mine
iï¿½m really desappointed...
i loooooove bank holidays
pic as promised  [URL]
- welcome to minnesoooooooota. free up some time this trip to catch up! won't be at cliquot club though; they closed
watching videos on youtube with the bf.  thinking about going to bed soon.
if i had a car
dont put behind the wheel lmfao today was fun
g'night!
out for an evening on the town with jeremy. sad carrie can't come
why canceled your performance on letterman? i'm so sad because it is less an option for you.
im regretting the alcohol i consumed last night, my head
just got a wii
left the inn  now im at school. dang its straight up dead here!! [<3hannah]
seen mi abueltia at the hospital... she's doing good!
aww-that's my last one. roo-oop
trying to finish my ****-ignment.please god help me to finish it
no plans tonight? .............
dear god please let me wake up before 11:45 am tomorrow lol got plans  tonight was lets pick on hero night. grow up, get a job, etc. lolz
at the doctor's office, waiting for dr. sufka to see me. tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better friday than me.
_carter gotta make the video public, dear. lol ...can't see it.
ur there when i'm not  lol
i hate the biatches of this world
[URL] - boagsie actually is still this small lol - him at 4 years old
looks like yet another beautiful day in london
drew's new songs make me cry.  i miss thomas already!
****... it's 2am and i'm wide awake
just pre-ordered your new album 'off the deep end'. been listening to 'permanent heart' on repeat since.
- i sure hope so  it was worth it for me too  loveu.
instead of telling god how big my problems are, i like telling my problems how big god is!  [URL]
i want to party down!
hahahaha! i didn't know it said that, sheeeeittt! i don't get why i can't have a picture... bwaaaahhh
....ok, soooooooooo i did that!! i've got u in the palm of my hand
beer from japan.  google it
calling all mothers, calling all mothers...get your butts to bed - the kids'll be here tomorrow
nope  don't think i will. thnx for asking lol i will be fine
thanku  cooking is simple but the law is- u hve to have fun while u make it
another night of not sleeping
walls of jericho please come to worcester asap! candace pleeaassee! why did flee the seen call it quits? whyyy?
happy mother's day, moms!!! you are wonderful!! have a great day
ahhhhhhh!!!!! its my 16th birthday  and i cant belive i found out im seeing yous tonight  best present everr!!! <333333333
ohi i would marry travis pastrana in a second... hes not that attractive, hes just the sweetest thing  and what he does is attractive ;)ha
wish i was in chicago.
yum...wish we could be there today. i have a cold and don't want to infect others...so we will miss our friday session.
heading of to the theatre! having a show tonight, i'm so exited!
good morning world! happy star wars day! may the 4th be with you!
good plan, peg --plus i like the sound of 'money monday'
i also believe in some things are meant to happen.
just got home  but about to leave again
ouch. better get used to it. i think 22 to 25 are prime marriage years.
iprocrastinate: this is by far my #1 character flaw. gotta session at 11 and i don't want to emerge from my covers.
hahaha that made me laugh
there are three broody ones atm, i have a china eggs under them to keep them happy ish
my music [URL]
[URL] - haha^^ i love it
forgot to answer your kindle question yesterday. honestly, haven't used it much. have two paperback books i want 2 read first.
i'll try..blah! thanks  what are u up to today?
is watching d.o.a
(sigh) guess we're not gonna meet up today.
baq to sleep i go  no the headach starts , if its not 1 its da other
#wci hashtag simply isn't dying out anytime soon, is it.
i dont want to be ugly anymore
think you should catch up on your sleep befor you go back to uni haha  goodnight<3
im glad i can make sumone smile
today isn't going the way i planned.  early lunchbreak & i may not be back til mon. weekend gonna be fun with friends, tho.
zeb has napped for 6 hours already today, and is asleep again... he must be growing fast
i need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it
snl after party
not sure i can make it
i'm afraid your comments on mp's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. v.insensitive
? madaya ka christian. bleh!!! i hate u  [URL]
ooo how i love a bank holiday  x
**** night. want john  where is he?
this is dedicated to all those moms out there - happy mother's day  ? [URL]
bout 2 miss mah lakers play 2day...  this orange box is **** up the rotation!.. mah real la fam.. keep me posted!.. i love haters 2!!
the play's over, it was really good
ouch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........that really hurt!!!
at work!! agh i really need to go with you  what days do you go so that i can add it to my schedule!
[h]ouse starts on sunday and i'm sad as i can't afford sky,
is thinking wow i survived freshman year...mission accomplished...now sophomore year
if my phone dies i will die too!
will miss jay leno ..
i think i've heard of that song. i'll listen to it tomorrow.
we'll be moving from a strength to a hypertrophy phase for chest, back, shoulders and arms for the next few weeks. legs will stay behind
happy mothers day to all..im gonna help mine right now.she deserves it..you guys should too..
i've got to catch the bus to work
have to put my dog down tomorrow.
today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  [URL]
yes!! i made the sign when i noticed it missing on sunday! so far, no luck... it's now unlucky japanese cat...
i know!!  effing embarrassing! eff our lives
bar exam madness:  topic for today is torts
just got out the shower, sitting on my towel  i hate twitterberry i can't reply to tweets
more seo voodoo  google has your cache. noarchive only hides it from users.
#bgt quite an awkward moment, poor girl  i hope she doesn't loose it again.
at work again, when the weather is beautifullll
good morninï¿½everybody  happy mothers-day to every mom
my mom has annoyed the living **** outta me, so now we're on aol radio, looking for brooks & dunn.
flat is sparkling clean, now that's team work  on way to pick up food for 6!
this is what i have to give a 7 day old baby  poor thing  [URL]
resistance was futile! needed pretties to knit with
i need to see ...now! someone buy me a plane ticket, please?
you guys can make it through!
awww thanks jon! my 9yr old told me i was to sleep in, while they all clean the house.. best mom's day present ever!
just got home from tillie's dance recital. lol, it was spectacular!
tut tut. isn't charging just fun. thr new palm pre charging platform looks nifty tho.
going to work.  could use some happy pills
jacqueline wilson day on cbbc
iï¿½m good! you coming on just as iï¿½m off to drive home...
i know!! our cats could be family  mikesh is so cute!!
don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time
ouch! sunburn's bad! hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem.
sad day... told my students this is my last year here... a lot of crying since..
m still watchin boston legal tho it cracks me up 2, scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh!!!
my logic to getting a short prom dress? last year it was so freaking hot i was dying... look at the weather...  hahah just my luck
jen! we havent talked in like 3 days!
you givein lady ga ga arun for her money in that get up hee hee love it
that plain sux. kinda like cheers goin off the air.
today is just not my day. i can't seem to feel any better. if i dont eat, im hungry. if i do eat, i feel like im gonna be sick. blah
i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr
out if class!! yow party + four hour lecture don't mix attal!! i had to drink 3 red bulls & i'm still sleepy .,,,,smh! alrite bedtime
yea. i was off today luv. i shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. and i saw u last night
pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  **** ohh
it does but the screen is dark - so when i click it, i hang up on whoever im talking to
i want it now..  finally found what i wanted ..
has finally taken a shower after much distraction from twitter and the bubble wrap off to read  and drink a smoothie
heehee, how did you know who i was talking about?
_zol i would like to make a comment about the password but i can't on this medium
editing something in photoshoot  niley
yogulicious? another sour sally competitor
yeah i was like oh oh oh yeah that's it but then she said no  lol bummer
they did,
good luck with the footage - none of the stations are breaking in live with it
i know!! no money for pedicures!!
_star95 oh so you know how i feel then  **** representative for bank of america tried to make it sound like i did it. what a b ...
really?  wooooo! i wish i could go to indonesia! lol. hopefully next summer.
well just remember that tmrw is another day and hopefully won't be as craptastic. sorry girrrrl
i missed you yesterday, lacey.    we get to go to granulation tonight, though.
assumes it wasnt so taboo to start an email with 'lol' considering that the reply it got started with 'rofl. pwn3d.' i love the internet!
it means 'luv ya' in zulu/xhosa. probably spelt it wrong lol. can't b creative 2day ...tired  so translated
i got too do course work   i hate it it is hard this one
working today.  can't find my key so i had to borrow miranda's.
with my boy still  he's everything to me
..people you love.... wait i am not there
awwwww!!!! and the gorgeous photo from california!!! you two make me melt!!!
lol, thanks for the morning chuckle   not sure if you follow me? please check..
happy mother's day mommies
went to see 'up'. it was a really good movie that pulls at the heart strings  i highly recommend it
awww  omg garbo fake playing during one of the songs!!! haha
perfect! thank you.  <3<3
byeeeee!!!
dear michael sorce, you crack me up! sincerely, me
i hope you feel better
well us brits have to wait a few more days for it!  i thought it was all gonna released at once! i guess it's worth the wait!
yah, they have footlong sausage too mah. but halal place..piggy sausages are bigger
getting ready for an early night tweeps!   have a great one every 1
i could act in most buffy eps  i have seen them so many times, but s1 was shaky (apart from eps 1,2,6,7 & 12)
great show today
wants to go to walmart. but won't go alone
'ooh-ooh... it's shiny'. an dmore awe-tastic quotes from the best animated movie ever coming up
back home early for once  - wow this thing is getting addictive..................**** u phil xd
****. my friend's in such a state and i don't know how to help him. nothing i say seems to be helping and i wish i knew what to say
my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the chargerrr ( booooo
aha, so that's you.  i've been meaning to take a look. looks cool. if you could just get a pool in there
hi selena i made this team to support you in greece and cyprus
i'm with you in this.  i've always have prob prioritizing myself ahead of him.
_**** :o really  well if u want, we can go 2gether next yr?
maybe you have, my memory sucks.
grey's 'sweet surrender'  [URL]
currently working on the sdp's prototype.... so much to do...
hi tweete, surprised to see everyone still up...maybe it's the full moon
hope you feel better soon and check out my cool backround on my profile
hey, im chillin right now, gettin ready for school   mohawk kidd
i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior
youre not going, are you   ?
i'm gonna miss them so much  i'm crying right now... :/
do u hav a garden? bunny probs r decidedly uncool.   thanks 4d link!
totally agree, but she always seems to be henpecking john, even before the cheating thing
love is an air-conditioner on a hot day...a heater on a cold day...and a warm body in bed any day  -  yep, me again
and i have a gentleman's agreement: whoever wins the first match (or is it best of three?) pays for the other person's copy.
is thinking so much and i'm at work
what was the compiment? i'm glad you're having a good time.
it turns out i'm really, like, sixty years old, guys. you were right!!!!!  i'm off to seek my future a little later than planned!
to make it worse, its my friends party tonight, and i'm stuck here. i haven't seen her for months
watching shark boy and lava girl! on disney channel. hanging out with sarah jane, micah, & rachel
my head is hurting..
i know!!!! he didn't ask me
photovia secondstar05) i dreamt i was doing spells from harry potter yesterday night lol  i loved it. [URL]
oops that would be #edaust09
crawling into bed super happy that the penguins won tonight
really ill atm
my party is wiped out they be all dead and stuff
its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
i think i should... but with who? hmmmm. maybe a friend in alaska
ah gdit! ranger game this afternoon
ahh that would rock
is enough time!! (if i get into vip!) but i know that doesn't make up for it  at least they'll have each other!
hi! im barb frm ia. new to tweetin. enjoy reading ur tweets. u seem like a wonderful person..i know ur a wonderful actress
hey girl!  yeah, my allergies kick in at the most random times. hmph.
um... thats my favorite beer!! why must you torture me so when i can't make it down there!!
no, trying to reason with it. it didn't listen
i will, n btw happy mothers day sissy
have been rolling on the bed for the past 2 hours ... still unable to sleep
as much as we would love that, it is hard to make ends meet up here ... with the job situations and all...
june gloom seems to have arrived early
i work in one hour
cuss u siad u weren't having it...lol
... thanks everybody for your wonderful feedback re my happiletter
you are welcome.
[URL] - i wasn't bored really..  my redd converse. i love converse.
very very interesting night in defiance to say the least... but hey, i got 'guys and dolls' for free!
_rocks just spurted fanta out of my mouth laughing at that!
hope you have a great day tomorrow!!  happy mothers day!  let us know what you did
don't tease me! i'm in desperate need of an adjustment.
ohh  yeah i sometimes forget  your in the other but cheek ok america
well, the customer is always right (at least that's what they tell me)
sore head..hope my girls ok
alas, we can't broadcast the lunches as we have no bandwidth in those rooms
back at home,11 hours till work
that may be, i still don't like hearing his name so much.   #blackhawks #canucks
i got talent too  u nvr hear me sing or dance them does call me mini breezy
bah i don't think 's fb fan page will get to 7500
last night was fun w the lightening and thunder  today will be in the 90s
reading, cryin, reading, laughin...  enjoying the ride while being enlightened and inspired by letters to a young sister!!  thx hill.
ahh man, and im off next weekend
apperently ea knows my copy of the sims 3 is not legit and is upset
thanks!  your name strikes me every time i see it, as a friend of mine uses belofsouthie as her email
_ thats coz we love you
here's getting cold.. and i got my coffee break 2 minutes ago. enjoy your drink
finally out of school for today! had to sit in library for a long time
at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you
are you are a riot!!
ooohhh imma need you to get on that asap love you
i know... i don't want to be left in our home by myself during the weekend...
gonna get my ticket to las vegas today. gotta check my milage. can't wait till august
grrr. we don't finish until july 3rd.
i love this song lol, you're amazing steph , xoxo
hey thanks mate your cool coz you watched it...
i messed up my back/hip. it hurts so bad
my arms hurt
oh ok  good ... now i will jump for joy! m, you just made my day
the moon is sooooo pretty
i have too much homework to do today
workin at la bootay... wheres the warm weather at???
depressed; my best friends pissed @ me
yes........there are many cool things americans cannot watch
._.; thanxxx ! now with that message i just wanna leave !! )= ! bye !
so thats how u spent ur weekend so far?
done with the fkn exam! n just bought the mothers day gift, finally... tada! the new prada fragrance  going to meet up mum n fam now : ...
school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee
have a good day
caan't iht be earlier? icant wait that long.  ahar. (:
happy mother's day everyone
weekend along with the summer is here so why do i feel sad?
just going to cook some lamb chops for lunch - i always end up coking just before pay day and amaze myself at how much i can cook
getting off for the night, in such a great mood!
from the champion team in the defunct mba, cebu gems!
hate this song  ? [URL]
ooo enjoy  and thanks for looking out for ours
partied w/  @_sml, elitecamp, rock steady crew + the ladies (wow), and of course crazy legs - holla! lmao - sober. totally sober
snap. breaking out again
i buy the team zotz and they decide to roast me.
hey  sending some florida sunshine your way  supertramp ï¿½ it's raining again ï¿½  you m... ? [URL]
- arrggh kids that won't settle....need some kava for liam, that'll sort 'em...
_ it just upsets me , becasue like 6 years we have loved them .. and then this happens  imm really uset now x
honestly, why did the folks at microsoft do ms word 2007 to me?  i can't believe i just spent 10 minutes finding auto correct options
_dazzles well tonight would be a good time to watch.
i've listed lots of new beads on ebay!
bath time
fuckkk i need sleepppppppp lol, happy mothers day mummy
good movie.
ah! nfg were super amazing! jordan is 'pretty legit'!! can't stay longer 2 meet everyone cuz we hv 3 hour drive home!
still shopping and looking for shoes now
dump your worries in the stress fire. fun and profoundly freeing  [URL]
a central lesson of history is that states are parasites which always expand until they destroy their host population. - stefan molyneux
whaatttaatttt! she is a good cook and really creative, silly sierra
i didnt get a hug today
finally gone!!!
took yesterday off & treated myself to an outfit & shoes, i have not treated myself in a while, my mothers day gift to me
lucky girl!!! i work all day tomorrow! and maybe even monday!!
rip michael
_kong record grand prix to skip through later, watch man u game, radio 1 .... well sport comes first
dont worry man. you'll see me just as much this week as you did last week.
: i miss you
mama the boys gon be sweating her hard in pre k  lol muah
sick again
wishing i were somewhere else besides here!!  don't worry this won't dampen my day and neither will the rain
aniya666 yours wasn't there
_21thanks, i'll keep working on her    lol good idea!
season 2 of the wire, done! kinda weak compared to the first season but i expected that... still good though  season 3 here i come!
_rashid aww how cute  i like that song a lot
haha! night man, and no, but im sure i'll meet her again in my lifetime, in fact i will...no doubt about it.
i totally forgot thats its friday till i read 's tweet. ha. i feel dumb  *take a breath*
the article on language groups in spaceports looks really cool, but i can't open the site from that link.
teehee..i know it too!
not a happy camper  not having a good day at all...
how's the translation going?
new pic.... twitter is finally letting me change my pic.  for those that missed it, fannish inquisition is now  please follow
ok. night sweet people  i'll look for ya tomorrow
cuba trip booked
check out the conchords 'business time'
ashlie, thank you.  you made me feel a little better.
oh darn i'm not in london
nah, they don't. all my twiter followers are fabulous.
strange, that is exactly the chapter god laid on my heart to read in the message yeaterday morning...he works in mysterious ways
feels very, very rough!
having a great mothers day
thanks for adding, no befriending, no, uh oh never mind, thanks!
yep,raced round it in cars and bikes,its only 40mins away,dont av much motorsport there now,its more planes n choppers now
hello nikki! i just ended my exams 2 hours ago!  how abt u?
supernatural was mega good  now i'm off to bed, urgh long day of school tomorrow x
its like a little adventure, only im kinda worried about her, and i cant take the bus to where she is cos my oyster is broken
still at work.
finally home  gonna hit the hay n sleep till noon lol
add me up: [URL]  friendster.
you want ittt, you got ittt!
haha! thanks, tiff   it went well, but they wore me out!!! lol. im too old for this ;)
_fann coming up! sowwy!
well, i took it in early '00, graduated in '01. we were the final stage guinea pigs  it seriously is a waste of time.
[URL] - about to cycle within this quarry on shipley glen near baildon moor before heading back through the woods
dude i am so sorry!!!!! i never got that number for you my fail  i just remembered
argh, i can't avoid spelling bee spoilers anywhere! now i know the winning speller and word before having actually watched the bee.
is exhausted from a great weekend, and is looking forward to this week
i like all the songs  i can't say just one guys! love ya
disappointment really sucks!  i'm getting used to it.
can not afford the dr this year. i just can't pull it off this time.
having a f**kin' great day over there graham isn'****
i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy
just got back from the grocery store. now i'm starving and can't find anything to eat!
has an exam at 10am - i slept about 3 hours last night
that sounds great right about now. it's ridiculously hot in my house
healthy wishes. i may just start saying that.
iï¿½m jbobsessed  xd i miss them soooooo much!  they should have a live web cast on bookface ?  every thursday xd
, whered you end up going? i stayed in & watched snl, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season.
i am totally knackered and back in the meeting
i need to cancel my appt for 1 have to be home from1-5 for washing machine repair man can i do on the am? so sorry
god the weather in london is ammmmazing! yet i'm on a train half the day
i only ever seem to listen to dirty these days. most of our cd's are still at greg's parents
i always choose to be a good guy, even if i know its only a game, i feel a bit bad doing evil things
its friday & every1 has plans but me..my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)my brother is out..my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone
omj just qot home from that party! it's 2:oo a.m! i'm man tired! goodniqht and happy mother's day 2 all!!! take care & god bless!
have your own style. it just might work.
...ooops again, the reply button is the right of the msg...now i'll stop spamming
changing guitar strings.. getting ready to perform 'the climb' at my cousins birthdayy
_ yeah
if i loved this any more i'd streak thru the hood damnit ! i'm pumped
is still stuck in the office working!
by the way, it's inconvenient...
@_hayles yer there must be-not sure tho-caught it off my brother but got it worse
_ - hey there.    how was your day?
getting ready for our annual old boys hockey competition  let's bring down the students!
'arrest her' or, anything ending in -est that can be done to her.
thanks for tweeting a very useful set of refs - i'm in the middle of adding them to a chapter i'm editing
very nice!  bea and i are so bummed we can't make it   we should try and get together in the near future.
hello there! thankyou. i always seem to make a difference in  someone's life everyday.
i want to wish all the mommy's a happy mothers day!
thanks for the reminder tony
just clicked on your bio. you're in cantazaro!? have been to italy several times. but never calabria!
gahh!! i'm so tired right now.
_ashley oh really?!
_d ...i'm so happy for you guys! congratulations!
heyyy girl.. havent tweeted u all week. hope all is well with you
_marls nah i got bare work to do, 3 weeks left and i'm bare behind
my wand? it's a black hawthorn wand with a core of kraken heartstrings.  you?
worried about bry, he has bronchitis and a sinus infection   poor baby.
nofair! my bk only had uhura and nero left.
lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day
yeah. me too. will lookout on your tweets too. happy tweeting
ready for a day full of his presence  i'm expecting the best!
good catch!  thanks a bunch- have to put up a new widget.
just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k? holyyyyyyy
having first beer in over 8 days what has happened to me and im only having it cause miss 8 wanted to get me one for mothers day.
... much more injustice than we can imagine now. it will get worse before it gets better, i am afraid. no doubt here. sorry
that is really sad
[URL] - impossible to know them closely
ss & i r @ the devon horse show. gettin' mostly rained out. lots of events have ben cancelled incl the coaches
iiii know!!! and mean
feels like spammers season .....is called summer season
making margaritas and about to watch milk. good times
ugh! i have to beat this stupid song to get to the next  rude!
now cassidy is butcking that i am **** lol cant ever win
- we drank ours away, may day bank holiday today
feeling nice... got a big **** smile on my face for no reason   take my **** to sleep right? lol
iphone just fell
hav fun at heav y metal happy hour you guys! in the future  accadentally sets it on fire while smoking with
you're right- you don't do sympathy very well
eh, i've gotta go to bed anyways. goodnight.
wow... that was very sexy
1 surprise party today, 2 parties tomorrow.  funfunfun! but, need to finish bug project. o_o
ha-ha abbreviate it , so it's not so bulky
i gave up following  - she seems really nice but clutters the hell out of my feed.  it got annoying.
you should spray yourself with the non smelling repellant that stinks to high heaven
i am new here
my knees are sore after physio
ugh that walmart was so hot and white  is it wrong that i can see how people become agoraphobics?
yearling in pet home died... very sad for their whole family
aw you could have played the **** game with me this morning! nobody else wanted to play
going home... with sore #eyes
good morning universe, how are you today
i want to sooooooo bad!!!
i bruised my toe worse than my i did my finger. it **** hurts right now even with ice on it
aw thank you sam phil, i love you
the rest of the week is less than 2.5 hours long
also, lipton's sparkling green tea is gross
you are a slow answerer!
wow, that's a lot of work.  i hope today is a day off for you.    i'm working as usual.  but, getting some playtime in too.
:   whatcha reading?
lets see.. we hate that groupies are **** near stalkers.. we love that they send gifts..
working on several book projects that are due to be released within the next few months.  i need an extra pair of hands!  it's all good...
so glad the days almost over... another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. ughh i wish this weekend was over alreadi!
english class! working on interactive orals
good morning
i would love to learn trapeze! i've wanted to do that since i was a kid. sadly, there's no place where i live that teaches
i just saw nick's friend jose d fish gh3. ****. well, on to star wars  i'll probably be going to a mlb game if i get good seats
_spn your boyfriend didn't even say bye!
_berra happy birthday!
yea just fun dive..a bit scary sometimes but fun.  u like diving?
17 hours left of being a teenager.. and ill be sleepin for 8-10 of those hours.. how depressing
showed my fluids decreasing slightly. so doesn't look like she's letting me out of this bed anytime soon  i have a follow up u/s next week
i wish the sun would come out...i guess it doesn't matter since i'm at work and can't enjoy it anyways
la unified summer schools drastically cut due to ca budget  cuts. very sad
wish my u2 beta key worked now. don't want to wait 'till wednesday to play
yes mate, on friday
got an a in english again  yay..  but a d- in maths
got a super cold!
my debit card is going the same way as my credit card, it's snapping
google going down means doubleclick goes down too, means i can't get any work done.
wow, mosquitoes in the backyard suck.  so does coughing myself half to death in the middle of the night and keeping cassidy awake too.
off to bed i go..have a great mom's day all you moms!
let's hope so
[URL]  shoutz 2  the mix on the site is gonna b nervvoouuss
[URL] - my oldest nephew playin on my guitar hero drums
we got jojo in for free and free drinks for mom! my kind of night
the disney store is not treating me to well with hours  i realy want to go on 6/13. i willdo anythig to go to the show ;-)
my hubby is staying for one more week in uzbekistan
happened about three weeks ago. why, is there a serial card fraudster on the loose?
i'm looking forward to going home tomorrow, but i really wish it was for a different reason.
added twitter updates to  facebook page at [URL] wondering if this one will show up...
i need horror to be lovecraftian actually, not enough weird horror movies.
and what about me, huh? i'm crying. did u forget me?
sorry to hear about the laptop troubles. hope you can get them fixed and the lappy back to norm.
man i need 2 find a siitter val still aint **** wit me  lol
drinking and smoking is very bad.---but im grown tho
happy mothers day..
because you're everything to me demi lovato
[URL] - weheyyyy   we give thanks for midi keyboards
thanks so much!
thank for ur gnite and... *thank* for ur photo of sims 3... heart broken here
_petty i'm leaving community college with a bang!
im sure he will  and if its not today, maybe it will be tomorrow..
gawd!. if only that dream actually happened last night....
i'm going to cali in like two weeks! but it's nor cal
so who's going to win the heineken cup?  just need to know who *not* to bet on
praying for pressure on brain 2 subside, for brain seizures 2 stop & for tumors 2 go - dan is comfortable but still has niggling cough
stress test: [URL]  good luck!
good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
can't wait to see you on december in switzerland for a third rendez-vous  great show ! you are just amazing  ... enjoy in oz
union square? somerville? you're better off with the 87. that probably helps you zero at this point, though.
and yes, i have seen your comment and yes, i did have the right answer.  i'll get over it.
mum just made me cry coz she said something so sweet to me  i love her so much! mums are the best!
had a great day...and now i'm off to bed. tomorrow i'm back in sd
so bored in chem n im super hungry! ugh
aww how cute! you'd love my bathroom  [URL]
dude, saw your twitter profile after a long time - love the background. way way cool!
sabi ko nga lighting up is hazardous to your health, but got shoes for it  thanks love
just one of those days where loneliness creeps up on you slaps you in the face.
i don't even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my **** on twitter!!
greaaat, do minee now pleaseeeeee
you missed me!  lol
ooooh kay! its time for me to stop twitterin and get going...
in santa clara a long way from hoe, well not that far. it sure seems like it.
a happy mother's day to all moms and soon to be mom's out there.
... an explosion of them? in the late eighties we had very odd weather and instead of them migrating the wind blew them back
i no  he's the same friend that went with my bf to something at t... read more: [URL]
31 degree centigrade is much hotter than 30 degree centigrade
jz local movie here. the title's virgin 2 :p actually i feel not so good. so tired n dizzy
ugggh school is so boring! i cant wait for this year to be over. so stressed -.= i shoulda stayed home today....
you are right, enjoy the lasagne,
is addicted to the pet society app on facebook
my bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell i was.......looks like i gotta go ya'll  i'll c u in 3.5hours, after nap
oowweee!!! china club wuz poppin!!! lipstic n pumps were in full effect!
i know it's just a sprain. it's a repetitive injury for me.
- have you dissapeared to go on the ellen show?
a bit early to confirm a trend, but daily site signups are still on the rise
i can almost imagine what the call taker must've felt like taking that call...especially if they have young ones at home.
purrrrs.... ooooh that will do
what is it with chocolates? i just can never say no
sunny day, sunny outlook
hi nancy your fine (till it the baby moves!)  just get out of the house & do fun stuff early! the hardest jump was 1 to 2
ahhh i can only imagine what you're looking at!! so luckyyy. hope your having fun.
i was helping my dad re decorate my bedroom. time 4 a shower!
_b you didn't see everyone going on about it on facebook about 3 months ago?
stopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing
writing this paper is a lot harder then i thought . lol
today was such a horrible dayy
is working 4 to close
i can't believe you're coming near me! but to a place that i can't get into.  i love you, jenny!
had a little fight with my best friend   what should i do?!?
so sorry about all that  praying for you
already knows 3 dishes: torta, hotdog, & itlog. hurrah for me!
aw where are you headed to? i just cancelled my trip to aussie
star wars day! may the 4th be with you.
how hard is it 2 be running back an forth constantly? ya kno workin all the time, havin crazy sleepin schedules? must be hard
- wait for the third day!!
i'm in a traffic jam
if u want to change the fruits, u will first have to change the roots. if u want to change the visible u must first change the invisible
whaat? that would seem to be a very powerful spell. kind of tips the scale in their favor.
cant stop playin' in my head  -- pussycat dolls jai ho ellen degeneres [hd] [URL]
happy mother's day! it will be a good day
this gar keeps going out - 3rd relight
_2 hey, thanks 4 the advice & support
_oliver whats for breaky then, russtle something up for my hangover please our jamie lmao
i bit my tongue sooo bad...it's swollen.
[URL] follow my blog and i'll follow yours
_and_easy when will these stores in sacramento open? been waiting and nothing
just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. now back to showing how **** my work is
my saturday was good  i cannot wait until this monday night
i guessed right, like 25 minutes ago...do you even see your replies....lol
does this happen every monday?
thinking about having lunch soon, but we have no food in
if not impossible
just got up and going to get ready to go to meadowhall ;) can't believe my internet broke yesterday  gutted
does this mean you're leaving me?
19 years for phil spector  [URL]
tomorrow will be my last day in work.. how sad.. bye ange
want: trip to boston next month. need: addit'l motivation to save the $ to do so.  beloved daughter wants to go with, which = 2x the $.
is bak in mcr....glad i can sleep in ma own bed 2nite yeyah...but i fink i,m missin popeye  hopin 2 c him 2moz  ****
i am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. yum
20 mins from bej to semanggi. traffic on friday  *siggghh*
about to play my first game of apple to apples!!   wish me luck...
restoring new itouch 2.  excited to use it. yeeeeeeeee. goodbye itouch 1.
glad it's friday... but bummed that i am officially working saturdays.
the movie was awesome, i wish i could re-load my pistols like agent 0 did, but i do not want to be him  i think i will be gambit
smiley absolves all
have you check oceanup?'miley cyrus justin gaston fight after lunch' you ok with justin?hmmm.im with you whatever happen
watching snl   yay for  hosting!  i love him
at work. these five year olds are gonna keep me young.
be sure to go by my blog today    -  and check out your friends - i bet you have some new ones today!
yay!  snl is on!
had a good day but im now skint again
god! they look stumpy... i'm not sharing my toes tonight
i guess, technically, i was still pregnant just a few months ago. just with alex instead of elizabeth
having asthma issues today.   bah!
today was boring, but i did a lot of homework. tomorrow should be amazing, i can't wait.
happy mother's dayy!!! to me andd the rest of the fabulous mommy's out there
happy mother's day to all the mothers!!
nope  we only have one really good cuban place... i'll have to ask them...
i really want to marry leighton meester. ****, can't take my eyes of her.
this traffic is ridiculous im may not make it
wow this morning 8.15 hrs ding dong breakfastservice, was a surprise of marjoleine, guido and dirk for mothersday.mother hapy, father too
hey nat, just wondering, why are your videos never available on the iphone?
argh, sorry, he's just been a thorn in my side since we got him. rude, mouthy, etc.
no  are you for sure going?
nice! that sounds great! let me know when and where.
still can't figure this twitter thing out, i can't my background pic to stick and i can't seem to change my profile pic
ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush
gah, i'm jittery and upset for absolutely no reason...
_kinda_guy  your kids are growing up around science guys. i grew up around politics.
y u gotta say all that
i hate you
was about to head downtown...now there's a flash flood!  - photo: [URL]
ahhhhhhhhh man blew up my amp!!!!! no more shredding
and so very you.  you know i say it w/ nothing but love, dude.
_l i blame you for 1/2 price fridays replacing free book fridays. they don't want you doing #rrtheatre anymore.
whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating
bye twitter & fb world! i'm at the san francisco airport ready to board air china. not sure if i'll have internet access
_mckay2009 sadly no, sitting inside as mobile signal won't work in the garden   i'll be opening the wine at bang on 5pm though!
nice to tweet u
rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. i get to give needles and take blood
is dreading going to work  but....its friiiiiday!! whoop!!!
i told ya'll i am a good girl. you can see my halo and everything
heheheheh... lol... i always figured he'd send them your way if he got any dupes... i felt bad not sending him stuff...
mothers day..didnt do anything exciting...saw a movie
its awsome... when you know, that you know, that you know!
cleaning and packing
something like that!
trying to finish moving stuff for tonight don't feel good!!!!!
tweet riot. i can't download tweet genius on my other device
would be more fun to date then steve-o.
i have to call stevie to reschedule!!  i won a competition yesterday to the launch of sims 3 at luna park, same day at 6pm
is watching wolverine at last.
tired, tired, tired.. didn't sleep well last night..   thought too much.. slept not much.. glad that it's almost weekend!
happy mothers day to all that are, all that are trying, and all that haven't nailed their teenagers to a tree
just sang 'shine' by newsboys in the car with  holla!
filling out paperwork.
laying in the dark thinking of you.
just got home.
planet fitness on van wyck, keep hearing all the homies tell me bout it, plus its close to the hood, u know my lazzzy ****!
mock ap chemistry exam today! then to central park!  is there gonna be a ap chem v. ap bio tournament?!
not a lot!! im bored! my names crissy btw lol how u doinnnn???
cannot sleep. 2+ hours of tossing and turning.
_uk that sucks! i had my exams be4 half term so it's all good. although they were major subjects now i have languages and stuff
aaawww im soooooooo tired today.. i dont feel good.. i dont wanna go to work wah..  but yeah im goin to work in a few mins. til closing..
sharapova loses 1st set 6-1
aha thanks jae
none of the people i talk to in my p.e. class are here  i'm going to be so bored all period.
**** - that's sad, then... i haven't heard the new one yet. sounds like i've been spared a tragedy.
just woke up, its laura's last full day here  last night we watched embarrassing home movies
ang payat ko na, yes! hoping to go down to my melbourne weight from last year  [URL]
grrr! my internet will be up and running next wed  at least now i have a def. answer!
you cooould say that
ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
sounds like fun... i think?! lol! i naughty, should be ironing and watching nk **** on youtube instead! lmao!
i dont want the seniors to leave
congrats on the tax refund.  those are always nice.
ate ****, i refuse to bless her cuz she already clingy
is live on danny noriega's stickam. he said hey to me  i luv him!!!
_express i didnt get to see it tonight
i love that my boyfriends loves my mac n cheese. he even took some to work with him
lol   what are your plans for today (or should i say tomorrow) then ?
my mom likes milow's version of ayo technology... it's a good thing she doesn't have a clue what it's about.
finally packed...thinking its time for some sleep! ready for chicago!
been there  sucks like hell.
awww bb, you sound lonely  i want to drive up there/fly and snuggle you too
hey, i made us a house on the sims! oh and you have like a perfect balance and i'm always lacking stuff like fun etc!
oh snap!  just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
on another note i totally love this pic of you and your dad....old pic -  [URL]
i know how you feel.  takes far too much time out of my life!
happy mother's day to all the mamas out there
hi thanks for following me. u doing much? been a long time since i last chatted to u
lmao back in queens now
'whats your stand on **** marriage?' - me. 'what the **** natalie, stop asking me these **** **** questions! go get a job!' - dad.
wave looks interesting. [URL]  if we are going to live our lives so connected might as well be easy right? google owns us.
i dont get how to use twitterr!
**** latvian beaurocracy. as a non-resident i can't publish my braille highway code. another blind alley  woe is me. anyone speak farsi?
spend a great time with family and friends. thanks you guys
i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet
would love to see that!
as appealing as that is and the fact i would hop on it pretty quick, i dont wanna impose on your sacred bday hun with ur friends
my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
where's my baby?!
woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
just the mother of all bad days
trying to understand why why i joined twitter.....everyone else was doing it i felt left out
lookin forward to a lovely meal out for grandparents 75th at posh italian
the photos are amazing! what a great subject & way to get people educated about darfur! hugs! u are an inspiring woman!
missed interview on npr, ironic because listened to npr all day on long **** car trip, watching needle now, looks good
its my birthday too  but its the 10th of may right now for me.. and its probably the 9th for you.. happy birthday anyway
ninja sushi for lunch but dominicks was out of sour gummy worms
comiccon? that's cool!
pleaase dont start dating her, that would suck, then disney kids would listen to ftsk. thanks
hey sorry i just got the tweet about the puppy... and someone already got it
what a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat
thank you my love
around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick
i am back from the best party ever
u understand now why i keep telling u make a twitter app that understand my need
yeah surrrrrously. we win
wishing i had marvelous misadventures of flap jack on dvd
i havent laid my verse yet...
playing 'who am i?' with my sister!
true that! don't know why i bothered this morning cos i just put it up in a pony soon as i got to work anyways
_ yeah sorry i was busy last night  ill try and go next week!
_agwl talking to whom? this 'shah rukh khan' is an imposter here... lol! btw thanx for the follow...
in school ; with victoria & bryan (: _ no more school soon, sadd i am
_pearson
just got out of the vast show & it kicked ****! just as mindblowing live as on cd. sang my fave songs. im n awe!
so i think my son might have the flu cause i def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  poor pumkpin
at an art party. no crazy artists as such. bit padestrian. no skanking
pooping in a pennsylvania rest stop!  i hate using public toilets
yeah yeah? how the heck are you anyway? sastch it up again this year? i had to bail out for lack of expenses
remeber my blue dolphin?  i wore it out, thinking victoria day gift for me?
ahahaha! that's funny.
coffee didn't turn out good tiday but excellent!
stunning weather today/this afternoon/now - couldn't ask for better!
wassup with u this morning.
tshwane wants double rates but try and phone to get service - endless loop #fail
saw kim kardashian on robertson today, ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica, and just downloaded a lot of new songs
the geek in me won.  i am building my own photoblog theme...
haha hey, well if you were in the elevator you should have said more!
starts tomorrow and i start to study again
at natalies just finished work. had the most amazing peanut butter sandwhich ever. <3333 i miss your faceeee
yeah  :p
twitter won't let me update online. my update box won't work.
it's a beautiful mn day, but i'm stuck inside playing zelda.  i've gotta play at least 10 hrs. today.
happy maders day
_oliver  i was off by one year. i really wanted some of jamies cooking books in english!!!! not german.
ahhhh.same here with geometry, like i said b4, if i didn't have it, i would be graduated!! so i feel ur pain hun!
they just said she was very elusive; should be tricky
_jackson already there's none left  back to cabbage soup
with russ and joe!
dude... can you really be a bachelor at this point?? don't worry about it.
tiesto in vicky park - how excellent
sorry i missed you at the farm today, but dm me if you would like some photos from today
anticipating a tough day ahead
well, maybe you can always head for cnt. be sure to save some for me!
sorry to hear that.  keep the faith though.  i might not be as bad as you think.
yeah he's also partial to jt and ti dead and gone and pink's sobre
first steps on twitter. just checking
back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out & about. i want red bull!
heyya people!
i did, haha. i'll run is more suitable, at the moment.
i missed out on carrot cake last night.  hope you had fun .
happy mother's day to your moms.
[URL] - the world of beauty and pretty girls   i'm testing new version
i know man, my day off and am pulling myself out of bed
isp all sorted i gather?! cheers for the bday wish too
... so i can't charge you by the hour then?
no. that would be too easy. all i have is the user manual which is not enough for me to claim his bike
no mine looks the same.
thanks for the link. i've been out of ny, missed many non-online bills so know how badly my score's been hit
u have a lot  but the bad thing is we r gonna have finals all next week
you don't get them anymore?
i'm awake, and happy!
early morning~2:30 am~what's up? i am!~~!!played w/ my babies outside~wow~was in the 80's~felt great!~~got lonely, misses sissy and jess
i want a garden  sitting inside when it's sunny sucks.
last day of holydays, gotta get back to work    anyway, 2 great weeks
such a long day!!! so much fun though  tomorrow will be just as much.
happy star wars day
happy mothers day x & go the dockers
going i sleep today was a long day happy mothers day to all the moms out there
@ metro with achan
that same smell is wafting thru my grandparents house, papaw has the smoker going out back..we've got a long wait tho.
took the most amazing power nap ever. now its starbucks time.
nice! now gimmeh some nice stuff
aw anytime, boo. i realized that all i need to have some fun are you guys.  we should change our pics to the poofy hair ones!
maybe used to have. besides without ac it's too hot to sleep
my cucumber has gone limp
good morning/midday nation!  formula one in one hour!
about to leave the fights. i'm tired and my voice hurts.
hhaha kewl dude!!  but if u dont know & he does have a reason well thats another story mhmhmh...does he?
_kiss i can't find it on youtube   only the concert versions....help!!!
heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food.
_zero its cool, and thats good
kills me to see you online and not be able to say hello
you're following ellen, oprah, and... me! i'm honored!
charley horses in both legs all night. what the ****?
ok all have hit the point of relaxation.. heading to bed  sleep well and happy mother's day to all you moms out there!! night
you getting a ton of spam mail into your inbox?? i am too.... driving me insane!!
absolutely gutted that i'm not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
where's enthusiasm in meeeee
i deffinately need to clean my bookbag. but no time! i need to leave in the next 5 seconds to not be late to school. ...oh well
i hate doing em, but get dragged here by ... at least it's a beautiful day
don't worry though,he will be fine
_bug68 bill is super!! thanks you!!
good to hear..!
going out on thursdays is a terrible idea. i knew there was a reason i haven't done it all quarter. *pops advil*
no fair!
watching tv with the best people in the whole world !!!!! my mum and my sis agus (: love you all ! twitter you later ha
getting bored sitting at the hotel room the entire day
is finally gotten online after logging 200km over the last two days on errands as the family driver  [URL]
im pretty sure i miss watching 'yo gabba gabba' with my niece
@_emily_young_ okey
#bgt it's a shame that the dreambears won't get through
i dont like funerals
.... you are my sunshine, my only sunshine....
says 2 1/2 hours to go, uwian na. . .  [phplurk.com] [URL]
the taxi q at pelangi was super loooong.. and now i'm getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition
finally off work...long night.  hangin with
break a leg  but don't do it for real it just a saying :p ' good luck'
just got home  interesting night
john and i just bought four boxes of them
employee orientation for serco  yayy.. i'm excited/nervous!!!! wish me luck!
head hurt
round and round the garden: the amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  [URL]
whoah, slow down, you're filling my screen! maybe more effective if you spread tweets out?
have been to portugal. and spain. and has a sore throat. scary?
have been feeling very sick    had day off today... arrrgh
aw thas good im glad your happy  i jus been chillin
i didnt get the msg!! :'( but i bought princess
got back from arizona yesterday.  moved the furniture and stuff out of the arizona house and shipped it to redwood city.    how sad.
just got back from the karaoke bar in the metreon!!! watching millionaire matchmaker
heyy are you ok...? i know it sucks having her in you dorm... but i assure you it will be ok
ah bad times   i hate exams. i feel so unprepared this time as well. sucks haha.
yessir
jane is really sad because she probably won't get perfect on tonight's quiz without the missing article. should've asked someone for it.
_ritz alrighty, thnx  good night.
iigghhtt, just fur geet it. idc. idk. eh blah ugh. blah idk... hah..=] um yah.. immboredddd, ugh  ill just fuckitt
no, i'm working on it all day monday. will try to remember to email but if you're smart you'll remind me.
doing make up for the school musical this week aaah
yes,it's beautiful and i'm fortunate to live in the thick of it..very relaxing
i'm my mom's company picnic at a lake elsinore storm game. oh the things we do to please moms
my class will be at chem sc building. will see the both of you after 5 yeah?
so excited for you and paris ooh lala  i look forward to knowing you a long long time lovely ! hugs n kisses g
hadnt cried in such a long time
i wanted to beta test but saw the thread after the results were announced
...now i'm going back to bed. lol. enjoy your time at the gym. i'll be sleeping.
just got a new ipod.  life's good.
yay!  excited?
..i'm a buffalo worshipper  ... maybe it is time to pay a visit to my preferred buff-schack in town. [URL]
a year from now is graduation....i am pretty sure i'm not ready for it!?!?!?
the beatles? those scousers with funny haircuts? more talent in the banana splits!
indeed!
has such a freakin migraine
gusying up for  dinner, bourbon & branch, zeitgeist and surprise party for taylor!   shh...
there is always traffic heading back here to long island on fridays.
hello thereeeeeee
i'm jealous...i need 2 escape 2, lol.
haha okay you were talking about middle college grad i think and i got worried
i think i'll be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable.
ok time to study for bus law and ethics, gotta test today
good work.i've only just managed to turn my studio on... i envy your productivity
bit of sunshine out there and it perks us all up  especially when you have a mountain of towels to wash and get dry!
there's a spider in my room. save me...
if you wanna read something, i recommend  [URL]
just got my dress for my friends wedding. its a little tight in places. gotta work out more
don't i know it! i live in the middle of nowhere, my house is spider central
had a ton of fun w muffin today
i'm twitter dumb. just saw my '.com' & all the kind folks who've tweeted me. ah!so sorry, i'm not ignoring you, just slow.
cook ; do you wanna measure my ****? its daddy-size.
got it. welchs grape too please
i was going to send you the photo by dm but can't as you not following me...
finally graduation no more school ... im sick today
studying math ) it brought my brain to explode
p9 for danica and your team... not a end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
fighting again
anyone know what to do when your pc keeps restarting itself?
got it i'll send you an email in a lil bit i have a lot to say
mothers day in 45 minutes west coast time.  happy mothers day to all the mothers out there
if you don't mind, change your profile pic with a picture of you in uk. it'll be fun
the best i could do for proof of the crack  lol  [URL]
star trek was actually really good
neither could i! and i looked on ebay and it was like 250 euro for two!!!! but i doubt my parents would fork that amount out
were at citibank i thought we were gonna go to grannys house but were no
off to bed, night every onee
heyy dude, yuup thats it really hows your monday?  x
unfortunately i am stuck at work so i can't get said prize
psyching myself up for the next few days...oh my.
just helped save a runaway dog. he didn't want to be my friend, though.
take a nap bedalii
'aaarrrgggghhh' is the only thing that can decribe how i feel rite now!
to go in their next live chat.
omj! j.o.n.a.s. is the best tv show ever!  ?
yummy curry  save me some please lol
y r we giving up on people?  i actually thought that way for a while too before i found someone who is very intriguing
sitting at the connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift
the northern clemency.  but i don't recommend it.  too much description and not enough action. too slow
wish i can go to the roots pinic
morning bill
gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph!
back from soap, soooo fun.
'don't call your mother, 'cause now we're partners in crime.' -kp
just watched the 'final break' final prison break episode. it was great. farewell prison break. you will be dearly missed.
have just bought a tv tuner for my laptop.  he he.  i deserve a present
i didn't see this until after
havin fun? x btw isnt it bowling? ****
missed the #jonaswebcast
nungguin my sista in law lahiran di rs asih...kayaknya sih sore ini lahiran. yeayy another baby girl in the family
_robert ha that was ages ago!  youre in la right? the weather is much better there...
oh no!!!  well..... when you get back lots of pictures!!!
i appreciate you
nicky, i land at 10pm, it will be like 10:40 before i get home! ugh! wont be any fish fry left for me anyways
welcome new followers also
i must have just missed you. i was down there until 9:40 or so. not sure if i'll make it down again
awwww  bew! you wont be here at all this summer?
we are going all out!
what?! come as you are!!! but erock just left  bah d:
last full day of vacation
this sucks schools over and there is nothing to do
that is the 3rd nkotb contest that canadians can't enter   the overseas fans have theirs now!  it's bound to be our turn!
just downloaded more music and videos on my ipod.
i'm so hungry
off to bed i go to dream of a world where wal-mart and liquor stores all get blown up
morning! just got my coffee
it's looking bright, so i think the sun will put in an appearance, and then guess what - lawn wants cutting !!
ohhh ok. thats upsetting  sorry for wasting your time. ****
hey  mia!! go to bed!!    (deangeloredman live > [URL]
i agree! mmm so good, i miss eating it with you tho
is pumped and bummed all at the same time.......
i forgot i moved 100 east...make that 8 hours home.
so bummed that i can't see ltj in june  hoping for a uk yoke soon
it's a lie just like the restaraunt named 'garfields'... he is nowhere to be found
i just re-skinned. still figuring why tweetsuite isn't updating
two more tweets to go for 2345 tweets
gotta play 'off the wall' first tho
my eyes hurt
www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ftuv3xmrn0
my ti89 died. i don't know why.
unemployment line here i come.
two macaroons go into a bar....one says oh your a nut.  wow i need to get out more.
factory ng elmer's? hihihi. sorry, corny! baka si ate ruby, alam!
thank you for accepting my request!! must take care of my little girl, maybe i write back later
bad mood now
the cd  player in my car is broken.  so much for listening to my kidz bop happy meal cd.
on our way home
it's about time i let people know whats happenning, although i often wonder why i bother   but hey it'll soon be christmas........
oh @ work? poor boy
happy mother's day!!!! no gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life
i found out this morning too.
just wants to get it over and done with. i miss working
i am not a ****! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]
thats great i'll make sure i get a copy
going to bed
pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
bl muthafuckin ah!  i win!
getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh.
[URL] - update ableton live
loves her some worship papers. and had a fantastic day. the lord is good. and constantly surprises me.
@_cassian is there a game   !
im good! im on my laptop using and external internet plug. i need to send it away to be fixed
still up, just got home.  ready to go to sleep..
good too thanks  so, you had a nice evening with your father? that's cool  thanks for the link btw!!
3 hours  oh my. is it shorts weather do you know. i'd do my usual hanging out my window but the neighbours are out.
serio barroca?? parabens!!!!!!! may the 4th be with you!
i'm in a pub garden,  its boiling,  hannah no likey,
happy mother's day to all the moms out there. i hope i never join that crowd
hm seems to have been because my blog was marked as a phishing site
_a_michael i plan on it! goodnight
really?? oh.. sorry yall  lol
ui. where arre you going to study?
- they have their headaches the morning after, instead!
i think i love a part of me saying some cynical words. even though i smile when i say them. do you think it's bad?
had some lovely sugar puffs and just been playing with my amazing dog jack
_storm lucky! i'm still working for another 4 hours!
_y_yankees changed my default pic since you've been showing so much love!
all my files got deleted
you looked great for being sick yesterday! i'm sorry i didn't really make an effort to say hi...  i was preoccupied for a while
don't worry, you'll get your stamina back soon  what kind of distances do you run usually?
i kno i shoulda came
i dont know where to get my hair cut!
you and the guys should come down here, we are **** freezing out here!
im cleaning out my closet!  ahhh...
you're welcome... and you're welcome!
greg back in the top 10. this is why i love nascar.
wait...i thought it was 9:50? don't we have till 10?   #sigjeans
my two new favorite prayers:  'help me, help me, help me.'  and 'thank you, thank you, thank you.'
covering my portfolio to send to my *dream job* in ny! send good vibes!
off topic: missed both motorcades. the secret service tricked us all.  #bush #clinton
nice glasses. looks good
leaving work in 25 minutes to go to broompark then to see the new flats then for lunch with mandy and my dad.
is so excited for this summer... steve winwood and eric clapton, eagles of death metal, and ahhh the dead weather
welcome, you were our 10,000th follower! it's very late ca time but we stayed up to meet you
[URL] try to go if you can. i tell everyone who goes to montreal to check it out. even people who live there
i'm just to far from where you are, i wanna go home...
yeah i just accepted ubc's offer last night, but i dunno if i'll still make it in because i've been slacking off a lot lately.
oh whoops, my bad
i love all da sexy ladiez ya beautiful unique and sexy, and smart. dont let a **** call u a **** cuz ladies ya worth then dat i mean it
here btw, this is not a bot
have fun tonight
didn't think of that.  why can't people just be nice? why would anyone think it's ok to say that, much less make a movie.
i was only @ cambie just slightly before the event then had to leave  waiting for feedback though; i'll keep u posted!
just got up from a nap.. relaxing for the night
you must be scared to be trolling here. you guys are so sad.   #tcot #right
hm. have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated tokio hotel is becoming? it makes me sad.
getting ready for college. i had a good sleep.  rainy day today. i love it.
yeah. xd were so close already! xd i can talk to u about anything!  i love u gurrl. x3
you deserve so much better... hang in there good things come to those who wait!
i miss that too
its cuz you love me. dont make me sad
????  ? ??????, ?????? ????????,basquash,k-on,07-ghost,sengoku basara,valkyria chronicles,requiemforthephantom,edenoftheeast.
i'm sure some1 will **** out and play. i'm workin through til midnight.
'your gonna miss this, your gonna want this back, your gonna wish these days hadn't gone by so fast'  so true i already miss this year
yay back at home
on the plane to yosemite. forgot my laptop at home
wow, serious hard time sleeping. on a decongestant and its keeping me wide awake. i just wanna sleep
so long as they hold your wine without tipping.
and by the way it's short stack, not sway sway  sway sway baby is a song of theirs
miss you, too!
car just drove past my house blasting celine dion's 'it's all coming back to me now'
want's to see '2001 maniacs' why won'**** come through the post!?
woken up by mum. work
gonna head to bed then work, then moncton to see jill
i read them a couple of weeks ago  they work really well with the movie.
didnt cry at the end but was very sad to see the last episode of er. man that was a good series.
oooh sounds yummy.  if you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we don't have many pies on there
[URL]      thx all - it's a 3k capacity, bought second hand
congratulations. great funky site! u did it waaw
while  on vacation,  having golden times spamming google by 5.350 redirects. [URL]
make sure you come back and comment again!
no twitpic?  lol
no you are not having my favorite drink without me  lol
planning a road trip down to san diego- with a detour into vegas to celebrate my birthday! too bad it's 7 wks away  i want to go now!
is off to meet my folks after a while...gonna b a working weekend too
up is out today!!! why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   i want to see it!!!
sorta needs to somehow forget that its e3 in la practically during my ethics exam and self-imposed revision time.
yeah i guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!
where's my bus? i want to go home!
that would be lovely, alas the cubs would not be gracious enough to stop wrecking the house while we were soaking our bones
i'm feeling much less alone now in my love for fitzcarraldo, most people i mention it to have no idea what i am talking about.
happy mother's daaaaaaaaay
got back and putting in the laundry. we got in there last  o well as long as its clean. #dsaa09
traffic is down to a crawl on i-94 right now.
i was saying the same thing yesterday! so i droped 120 tweets! no the smarted thing bussiness wise, but can find real people!
i'll try to put together a list for a portfolio to put together along with a little bio on myself in my free time (school is stating)
no not proper, my dog barks too much & jumps up & its all my fault for not being strict enough
i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!
[URL] - session almost over
__cullen_ lol  emmett wont do a dance off again
finally made it through dead space, that only took half a year
im feeling sad, not likeing my new haircut
hahah, thanks for the tradewinds odyssey bump.
i'll have to add your shop to my favorites! i love your needle wraps. right now my needles are all in a mess in a basket
why aren't you at blue martini with me??
hearing the birds chirp makes me think its nice outside...well its not  rain rain go away!!!
trying to stay awake  anyone have any tips how to keep yourself awake ?
yeah .... just bought tickets for pearl jam in august
can't sleep. **** morning will come to soon. have to rest! it will be a new day. a perfect day to start new changes
watchin' jonas
i feel super sick
_x all three are in the first 2 weeks of june for me
i gotta say, i'm a little jealous
yea, d means direct, so only u and whoever u send it to can see it  but u can only direct msg someone who's following u..
i was just thinking that
who was it that said vive le difference to me only the other day? ;-)
surgery when i wake up
oh yeah, my laptop is fixed. shame my internet is still **** and slow.
thank you dearie -- i just followed dome of them on there too!
today was fun  i <3 meeting boardies! the acoustic set was just soo phenomenal!
doesn't kno wat to do now er is over  saddo
i hope you hoes are having so much fun...not too much without me though lol
i'm sorry darling... i'm all over the place tonight.. i didn't mean to neglect you..
apple is also rotten in the center, just my luck
i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert  anybody up to go with me?
i jus spoke 2 my lawyer, if i blow trial =3to7
needed my semi-**** best friend to go shoe shopping with me tonight. alas he is nowhere to be found.
cheese and onion crisps are the best  alice or rosalie cullen ?
i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am
_au my pleasure... hey it was played at my going away from nz party back in 87 lots   so it is burned into my brain
i appreciate your kind words. i am glad that the words resonate with you
bara, ****, closets, adventure. aggghhhh enough! muak mcm baby gary ku sudah
ngobrolin favorite bands at the moment cii... kesian ya kamu speakernya rusak hahaha  benerin dong ci.
_miss my best friend won tickets to see them from kiis fm!
sitting in awe that the price to renew my laptops warranty has doubled in a matter of weeks
still awake..doing my assignments and playing virtual farming
off from work now!
is so hungover. what a crazy night. i'm also in the bad books with mother!!
i need to go to sleep before 4am tonight...  ... so exhausted.
i guess you're responding to me about dc. if that's the case...
rocket surgery hey? haha i thought it was rocket science? oh.. is that all.. i knew that i swear. thank you
ive got a headache now
you really chose the wrong time of year to do this didnt you
_hotsawce owwwwww! gooood morning
just wanted to say hello
i wana be there num 1 fan  sharsies??!!!
yeah, still waitin'
you cna get em for about ï¿½17 but i've got one for ï¿½27 which is asus same as lappie
thanks guys! 200 followers
i am so bored.
thanks for following, it means a lot to me  i love hey monday!
love the sweet g'nights every night
is bored hehehe  i hate ipt
you stopped followin me?
mo williamssssss
i havent got poked much
im joining twitter  lol
thank you very much rex for ff
the sun is shining< the sky is facking blue< teletubbies? i have to **** work.
um mr. deadly sir . can you please follow me on twitter .
watched adaptation, interiors, and the women (1939). all in all, good movie night. breakfast with dad and kelley in the morning
loll im a college girl...bahahah i love these blogs they're so funny!
good topics. and ciggarettes.
i chewed up a starbucks and a subway gift card at christmas time, i got in big trouble. i not allowed near purse.
happy mother's day to all the ladies... with all the moments we cherish with our children, today let those moments cherish you in return.
done with hw...gonna read a bit then pass out. got a cool week to look forward too in between all the mayhem
aw poor u   don't let her get 2 u just ignore her n keep ur head held high she iz just immature lil girl lol
yup, 1987 lol. sweet year  haha
listening to the new demo! this song is going to be fantastic once its done!
_marie1 hey beautiful whats up?
is having a lazy sunday
i really miss my satan kitty
my gut feel says its gonna be a boy ababa
yup, studying. at least i'm trying to. trying to let the stuff i read enter my brain permanently.
goodnight world and all who inhabit it!
still aint get my vanilla frosty yet.
knows its all going to sort itself out
lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them
having rice crispies this morning  brings back some good memories!
google chrome forgot what everything looks like for some reason
immediately regretting my decision to come into the office today, miss my bed
finally watched the last couple episodes of the office on nbc ( #theofficenbc ) - i now understand why gervais stopped after 2 seasons
i had a horrible dream  it had to do with a scary face, now im awake for the rest of the night. god dammit :\
yes, cathy.  (ordinarily, i don't have much of a problem with naked girls chasing me, however!  )
going out. a barbeque maybe?
you fooled me!
lucky you  i face south so i can hear them, and see them reflected off phillips point
can't find my trusty hair tie  my hair will spill all over the place when i run!mom's bands doesn't work for me,normal ones hurt.(((
ppl dont miss out on me on this follow superstar sunday
_juneau i did, until my parents got all f'd up and i started comfort-eating
3 days left of school!  for bryce and tyler, that's 3 more days of elementary
so sad. your mom must be very shaken up. peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl
maaan if i was in pain i'd come. i wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.
_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done
come back to perth     i missed the show here!
stupid sun i  actually have to work now
red? wtf happened to dark blue + black stripes?
happy mother's day to every single mom out there. i love my mommy
i'm so depressed right now. idk...
just realized i have 30 followers hey guys
not to worry, noone got that one. next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on
twitter is trippin right now with my pic
i promise to post new mini magical village today, the weather is perfect for it   see preview here: [URL]
home with maddie  i'm tired.. goin' to bed afterwards
i created a monster! bwahaha! oh, and i got your baby home safe and sound.
i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don't make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk
goin to work
_logos nope my computer right now is in need of a power supply so im useing an old office machine
it's going to be a fun night and i'm helping host it!!!
going to retake my softball photo because patrick's studio is a piece of ****. back here for chores. some friday, huh?
i have two hours to wait for my tire to get repaired.
thats real geek talk! haha...i feel you!
aww that is sad
it's hard to tell but i think i'm right   i hope.
wanted to go to the club...dancing;)..but now iï¿½m tired anyways i have to go to work tomorrow!
_anke what's wrong with the ski slopes of mk? they've got coffee shops as well y'know!
i love the cheesey ones, and the cool orignal ones  , , , skips i have when my brother has them got to try them u c haha
in the arts having coffee and cake
thanks for teaching me how to play a part of that song
btw that song is you'll always find ur way back home by hannah montana
i can safely say i won't be a euro winner this week!!
but i keep updating.
i was right about the wave off
i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner im goin to miss him so much
the veronicas are gonna rock the stage tomorrow  happy mother's day everyone!
i'm hurtling headlong into a day of spanish and art. but my view is: after tomorrow it's just revision and extra frees
no, stay and play!!!
- im hungry...but there's no food at mah house.
nothing to do. just sitting here. i can see mrs. p and her husband
karma is a **** ! i just got hung up on  lol i'm still a big dawg though
greenville drive games just aren't the same without the 'baseball guy' clown.
in that case.. that's a stupid move  i thought they were being b-a
why are we busy ugh i have the largest headache
i absolutely love you.  thanks
at ihop with the besties..minus one  where's the dr.???? at work of course
you, the other crew and cob tried your hardest to put on great shows and fans all appreciate it. tell alexi get well soon  mh.
haha! follow john mayer..he's a pretty funny guy  i want to move to l.a .... it's so much more fun!
don't leave forever! we'll miss you too much
now eating and meeting at the same time sigh well well i want to start work out too but will have to wait move to my new house
me too.  wonder if mnet will show it...
_ i hope filming is going well  i'm new to the whole 'twilight phenomenon', they couldn't have picked a better 'vampire'!
its a hott tuuneee,
oh hi terri good now what about you? any good gossip
breaking the daily build broke my daily plan as well
should be drank with sugar and milk, not coffee. you have coffee on my brain.
i'm there all weekend, expecting it to be way too hot
why does my body decide now is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! maybe dean will wait for me in my dreams...
got up early did a **** ton now im headed to cherokee park to run  and walk !
not actually managed to purchase anything from the ovi store yet. constant server error on check out
come join the fun as i through out the first pitch at the legends game... may 16th @ 7 pm!   [URL]
defeated by a polo
why doesn't mcdonald's make pineapple pies?
has spent the last two weeks attempting to grow a beard (from scratch), but fears it may look a bit rubbish...  [URL]
your welcome
i do i do, i feel absoulutley fine
really wants a puppy...
its raining
they are all over one is a fan with a vip and the other one is the winner of the twisted vid  het si weer eens raar gelopen, chaos
ok hubby really isnt going to be logging off anytime soon  what to do what to do?
first time
how do you sleep - jesse mccartney
if you cant hide the tweetie icon why not change it   [URL]
jason mraz is still serenading me, while i read 'judicial supervision of executive action in the commonwealth caribbean'.  bbl!
then i kill bradies gf and have bradie
i knew my mom loved flowers and she loves the rieger begonia so... hanging basket seemed perfect
happy mothers day  <3
yep, this is about as 'boonies' as it gets, if you look at the map   in transition. gotta find a place and a job. - [URL]
why aren't you coming to montreal?
yeah
learning for school now ...
goodnight!  happy mothers day!
you better believe it!   and i wouldn't miss it for the world!
end of work... thank god! i accomplished a number of things...  [URL]
d= indeed
_anderson your tweets were awesome  **** the heat. that's what dencorub is for
i really like pink after i saw her live while in the new t-mobile advert
going to london
will do - promise - thanks
i wanna go shopping!! i don't get paid till next week!!
its a bank holiday!..... if you're happy and you know it clap your hands!
aw man im sorry! i have logical reasoning i promise! i had to study in order to tutor my new student! 4give me
i've been up most of what normal ppl consider the night.  no problem going to sleep but nightmares been waking me up.
oh, ouch. that hurt.  **** washing machine is out to get me!  <.<    >.>
my day was good!  spent the day catching up on sleep, relaxing.. kind of a lazy day! hehe. oooo shopping! how did you resist?
you're welcome char, glad you liked the cake, it's pretty simple you should give it a try
were you going to come? the venue said that they couldn't afford to open so cancelled it. i wish we were there now!
wide awake ready for the big shopping trip! hope i get tones of sweet dealz and lots of fancy clothes
thank you guts for 360 followers! it means a lot!
why does everyone sing playback at the comet
you got it! yaaay!!! i was really worried your phone wouldn't fit, so glad it does!  happy mother's day, lol!
i could go for some lulu's or slanted door right about now.  tomorrow is the farmer's market, right?
whoever u are and wherever u go always remember where u come from
why didnt i see you?
hehe indeed it is, i actually nearly changed my bio to just 'don't panic' but i wanted to keep in the #freehugs
twitter criado.
it might be sunny today, but alas, new product must make it to etsy!
that is awesome!  spent the day studyin, chillin a lil b4 goin to bed, its slowly gettin colder in paraguay, winter is comin
_bailon talk with your hips
i miss the seniors already
bout 2 watch a movie nd drink wit martin nd leslie
still no eat. still in office. and now i get sick throat 3 days before i leave for an air condition throat killing tour bus
really?! ur getting rid of it! that's sad
what? but....but...the nurburgring...  why is it so good? [URL]
i sound really brummie lol but most of all i just hate looking at myself!
_alicev no  none in the house and i'm not sure i should drive to the coffee stand. it's worse than i thought it would be.
off to take a math quiz...on a friday....booo
anything  bookmark - keychain - surprise me
() gonna watch jt on snl tonight - not a fan of his music but think he's hilarious! '**** in my pants' - way too funny
anyone want my chocolate nutella mochi? its just gonna go to waste
i live in manchester england but still have never been to london
_dig up late again i see?  you missed a great time at donny's birthday... remember to call him on monday!
may the 4th be with you! happy star wars day!
****...ive gotten so much packed up already lmao, well little **** anyway. either way, i have a good start
angry, sad, happy, excited, i hate how my moods change  right now i am immensely sad =\
bom dia! good morning! guten morgen! i am returning to twitter!
bummer, my phone gets disconnected. on the weekend of my birthday. darn </3
yay! i am not the only eurovision fan on twitter  #eurovision2009
well then close your pretty eyes and count boring sheep  you'll be sleeping in no time
why do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud
today i wrote two songs (one for temple which i will probably never perform ever) and one for mothers day. happy vesak everyone  rena xoxo
maybe someday. i lova ya, friends!! my computer sucks  listening to coldplay<3 tomorrow meet my bbff
it's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. these stupid **** people!
makes me wish i had dogs instead of cats!
_ai_08  yeah hopefully but if not then maybe  i can save up and get it for christmas .. we will find out
just woke up still in bed  sundays r the ****, its the do nothing day of the week
- i think  did an amazing presentation about the whole 'keeping review items' and tax thing at blogher '08  she's awesome!
me and arlando are totally done. i havn'e talked to him in a long time!now i just have to find a 'worth while' man...
hello friend!! welcome to twitter!!
eating pringles at nearly 1 am really reminds me  of touring with the jonas brothers (don't ask).......i miss that so much....
i don't like being sick when the guidance counsellor is supposed to take me + 35 other kids out of school for bowling & pizza
forced to eat red hotdogs coz i'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. ick.
played d&d on the bank holiday - was nice, got many xp  and killed a blob. actually, two, though the 2nd had tentacles.
traveling alone makes i meet new people,new circle ..strangers become friends
then you might enjoy this one too  [URL]
_x hey 'cameron', i know it was amazing and i have sunburn too  so my mum isn't happy,, . & my throat kills . . still <3 it
just got home from another amazing night
_x when my brother is 18, i will have moved!
i'm uploading some videos to youtube, will give link once i get more loaded. variety from my daily life, not amazing but fun to watch
eww town fair tire smells horrible. its making me sick
w4m: no clever headline, sorry  (salt lake city) 29yr [URL]
happy mother's day :] i lovee you mami
fire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my sa audition perfectly, but i can't find a karaoke track in a high enough key
excited how the jon does will do today  good luck guys ;)
ouch!!... stomachace.... i ate a lot...
no i was too slow  i hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!
oh dear  #bgt
made a new youtube background in photoshop!  [URL] thanks to
wish i can be with her every day
must be time to go home - yes indeedy
where is teng?
hey! chutti was very tiring.. and have to travel again tomo  how was your friday?
[URL] - so this is where you're getting the $$$ for the island
well yeah, the hormone things basically a given  thought he had misbehaved specifically to upset your mom and you.
grr...everytime he gets a new girlfriend..i'm at the bottom of the totem pole
_ oh i read that
it's simple for those who know how to use it hahaa, i'm glad you're okay  **** x
_cat  we all know and yes dont remind me im so effin jealous  **** aust some times
yeah same
doesn't have to go to work tomorrow! good times! revision though
super bored on a friday night
feels very very sick  hmph.
@ 102.7 kiis-fm hey, i can't seems to get ryan's show online, what's not right then?
i worked more today than i did yesterday, but my time card says that i worked the same....  oh well... hello weekend!
my guitar ain't herew yet?, feel like i lost a limb!.
not having a good day..one bad thing after another
had a horrible sleep + in a rather bad mood
it's pretty cold outside  today i got another exam...
when in doubt go with the instincts.
cavs has the easier route than denver.
good afternoon all. sorted technical glitch. a rainy bh monday so a lazy day, then daughters and their menfolk round for a roast dinner
running errands with my little man. maybe he won't act like a 3 year old today.
[URL] - looks exactly like i do when i get that gh guitar in my hand
why nobody write with me ? !
why am i posting so late? just got back from seeing star trek. it was so awesome
off to school so tired didnt hear the 10 texts i had last night lol !! still tired but i love jesus christ
im gettin off nd watch a movie nd have a couple of drinks nd shots   ill try 2 get get back on if i can
in it-lesson at school and eating salad
just answered you- never learned how to write in french- just basic stuff-
epic ocd moment? i deleted my sims file that i spent hours building just because i set his favorite food wrong
i'm a genius  put rug in washing machine, left folding door half open, machine moved now door won't close or open. shaking head.
what that's not fair i can't vote it says the voting is closed  but i did vote everyday when i could vote like 20x's
just got back from 5km run!  it was really good!
i dunno man. how bout some wendy's?? mmmmmm we dont gots that in h-town
i ran outta bathroom passes.  maybe mrs. french will be nice today?
i hate the fact that it is so nice outsidee, and im inside doing revisionn
ugh my neck really hurts  i'm out aquatards, xox
your knowledge of x-men is starting to scare me
i am watchinggg the new video of  its sooo good  addicted!
god it pisses me off that i always enter comps & never win.i am such a sore loser
_ i had curry shrimp yesterday lol i love seafood
me too except move that 7am to 9am
hellooooooo... whats the scene people !!!
tee we beefin....what was u supposed to do before leavin????
you people have no idea how depressing it is being at a steakhouse and not being able to eat
got a saturdays framed signed foto last night  and a valentino rossi 1 aswell  eee what a night
good morning  jess here  just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please  ****
thinking about new.. oh yes .. btw bankroll stays at $14.88.. so down a bit from yesterday.. and i won't whine about bad beats  ..
ahhh, i finally went to yogurtland.  i saved my spoon. hahaha.
....any  sorry wahh!! lub u toooo ;)
cupcake!!  you can call me anything but 'bitch' i suppose..and even then under certain circumstances....
they burnt my zuccini
oh no!  i hope you find your kitten
madd bored
puzzled by people's mood swings... it makes me somewhat sad that i can't pinpoint  how  they feel
: where did you get a copy? i wanna watch that also.
_weber i wrote a leadership essay abt its founder. the expansion didn't went well, tried to break in america. lots of money burned.
doh. in a rush to get to the puma open and i just got pulled over. so sad.
is relaxing in bed for a while before i go to sleep. it was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight
that is truly impressive. can't come close to that. takes the argument over whether web needs subs to a new level though
you charmer   do you like football too?
thank you jon!  that's very sweet.
_  i missed you. today was the greatest day ever. im burnt and **** lmfao. but it will be a nice tan. 11 rides in 6 hrs!  <3
perhaps she will start including #magic in all of her tweets now too. btw... you didn't write #magic in ur tweet to me.
i feel like ****......
i'm so sorry  do you want me to call? if not i will be on aim in a couple of hours if you need to vent
ya and i would have gained a few kgs by then.  what are you working on today?
my head's thumping.
can't wait to crack it open and no doubt will learn from it as well as support my evangelizing cubicle-freedom-ness!
last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it... double sad face  haha... in the words on lily allen.. not fair!
: lol it went okay! as far as i can tell . but then i had to do a test today for geo and i was all zoned out and got like 65%
it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on all my children.
about to go eat breakfast at jay jays cafe with my one and only
fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  **** drycleaners
well rite i gt a headache
is wondering what actually to do, when i have a week to do **** all bar pack, most peeps r leavin too
waking up .....working....happy as can be!  its gonna be a great day today... i can see it..and im not sore from running yesterday!!!
just broke her dresser shes had since she was three
headaches suck, especially stress related ones. i used to get those a lot.  <3
i really like lady gaga's 'paparazzi'...  #whatshappening
getting my new cellphone on wednesday! the lg voyager! its soo sweet! i can't wait that long though
chili cheese fries a bad idea for lunch..
you're absolutely welcome.  i love you too and am happy i was able to help make that moment happen.
you're not gonna paint me? oh well  ;)
just joined twitter...     hiya world!
indeed i did get your song however am unable to listen.
decided not to go...i want to see my sweetie  but i can't.
feeling better, still coughing. : / not moving on yet. its impossible.
really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared.
tell your grandmother i say hello
_hunter ah now comedy central have frasier all morning till twelve. so i guess there goes my morning
feels slightly better but **** i sure do miss him.....he's going to be so hard to get over......  i messed it up ...donuts=comfort
i need to get some shut eye... but i just can't let's try 1 more time. ta ta twitterworld
dang...when did they plant those thorny bushes there? ouch...no kitty hugs today
nanay cried after reading the card i gave her. hugged her and next thing i knew, i was crying, too! haha we're such cry babies. love her.
can't wait for daughtry's new album! ack. two more months!!!
doing my ff later, too busy making up plans for today. beshie   is gonna be in dc june 5-6 for a bball game.
have you seen 'the fifth element'? makes 'super green' a lot funnier
like double posting on twitter?  ;)  lol.  not me, i don't take anything.
my friday feels boring too. no time for fun today and not so much in the mood for it either
excuse me ...theres me!!!  jkidding lol...so how long b4 yr fun night out starts lol
fair enough. actually, you dont have to give me x-men.  mad max will do me fine
monday...funday!  wake up people...and keep me awake please   today is going to be a long one..i can already feel it. eww
dont depress me  i have the mother-in-law staying the weekend. someone else to wait on other than the kids!
girl you stay inviting me but not doing a follow-up hahaha... no phone call to check up on me
-- no fair, i want a sticker but i just moved away from london
starting off my day with a little northern light
too tired
soooooooooo glad to learn that farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in so. cal -- too bad it's in the mission viejo mall
loll , of course me tooo  & i love their new song toooo ?
there was no traffic at all on my way home and all traffic lights were green.im afraidiowe karma a big check
homework...boring
was doing a hard copy doc review,while writing comments realized 've forgotten writing i.e. on paper,can hardly recognize or read it back
y is it when i luv someone i fear them? i just wish someone can exsplain it 2 me
morning everyone! hope you have a great sunday!!
looks like my twitter is down
a beautiful song for anyone that could use a pick me up tonight  ? [URL]
_printchick exactly! thats the first time i saw his @ reply to jon. never going there again. oh have fun with d new phone.
_rey nah you do it really gradually with ptfe tape. so goes up 0.1 mm at a time. ive been doing it for years, i love it!  x
_honey thank you  i have a business exam tomorrow too :/
at least its legal , here in kuwait if u weren't driving suv then u will get a ticket with big smile
....yup stil at work
oh i love 'em, but when i think about the kind of preservatives they're using to stay 'just-baked' it kinda makes me sick
my dad's drunk off his ****. today was successful.
**** marriage isn't legal everywhere here.
im sorrryy  i went to the cinema with my broth.. cause im cool.. and yeah im sorrrry  tomorrow tho, ill make sure of it
nope!  she can travel all she wants when she can pay for it.
good morning david! happy mother's day to your mom lol. too bad u can't be with her. she is so awesome!
my sunglasses broke
is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me
really enjoyed star trek - great movie, amazing special effects. definately recommend even if your not a trekky
those photos are lovely! who knew you were as talented a photographer as you are a journalist!
: so wonderful to spend mother's day with my mum.
the 'catch me if you can' dvd that i rented from blockbuster.com yesterday was cracked. figured it out about 35 minutes into the movie.
have a lovely weekend
who what?  call me
**** no dublin
so jealous im not at asylum right now
just giving shouts to all my peoples in twitterville
pwnd from all sides
today is maintenance day for me, my flat and my blog...yeahhhh a lot of little works
#nhl not a fan of either team, my head says detroit, my feet say the pens my heart doesn't care   go kings in 2009/2010
you have been busy, have a lovely time
having a great chat with a friend. he's totally putting my mind at ease
i've had that 'problem' too, being charmed fast, i mean. i'll cross my fingers for you
it's this year. can't catch it, won't be in ny till oct 2010.   [URL]
oh sure . thx
i can't comment directly to someone...... and i'm here all alone
is responding to an email.
i don't even know what sporting social enterprise means....
you were great. just awesome. i was crying cuz i wanted to be there so bad
right on! pull up a chair and welcome
romantic evening in with papa murphys and 'battle bc' from the history channel
do you really smoke???
bloody sunburned
yeah, big chill here too good foods, good music, great weather!  have a cool day bro!
awwww... i'm sorry! i changed the picture... just for you! because you rock like that!
ohhh that cant be very fun    but hell you manned it up!!   looks like you got some **** done today!!
not gonna ask what a boom boom is!  morning.
don't forget to follow emma from london =  like you said you would! i wish you aswered my calls  it cost me ï¿½14
**** i'm gonna miss the grand prix.i'm going to have to try and sneak back to the room
so close to tennessee
yeaup. i was gonna tell ya that
trying to wake up, but is finding it very hard
you need to play something from mary poppins at them, everyone knows that's how rooms get tidy
omg i just seen the sun and the moon in the same place  this disproves my theory that they are the same person
europe sounds gr8! will finish my exam on teus and then we'll  talk about it
oh, my god..... the end of the first course))) don't believe in it) but, yeh, so many exams  la-la-la// everything is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!
im sick and sad its cold
shut up.
guess ill drive it back nine hours
you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc!
- i'm not letting reach sink. thats for sure. i'm still presenting and joint hon! owens mon 8pm-10pm & i'm sat 2pm-4pm
wishes she had a pool
#test seo smo marketing  try it
**** another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard
rushing to sitter to pick up my 103f-fevered preschooler
you didn't give out #followfriday advice like i told you?
awake sadly        seeing leon today !
uqh soo boredd supposedd to be asleep cuzz i have too wakke upp earlyy but i juss cantt sleepp.! omq tomorroww iss mother's dayy
awesome. wha'dya get her?
should have gone to bed ages ago, **** you tedtalks!  gotta get up early too
had a totally chilled out day relaxing in the garden in the lovely weather. shame i have to go to work tomorrow
well i hope you have had a good weekend and even more so have a good day at work 2moro its already monday here,so far so good
good for you rachel.  i have nowt
bananabrain2 got hit by a car and got screwed! : o, 32 oepn wounds, a broken finger, broken toe (both toe and nail) f**ed up
i already miss my mohawk.
only got 22.90 in tips last night.. (n) but he earned bulk money anywho
we bought a pool instead of going to california. now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years.
listening to lady gaga... relatives just left after our mother's day celebration
cleaning + finding stuff to sell. i'm so poor.
omg i just spit my drink out! rip hair straightener!!
thank you so much  me neitherrrr!
ahh! normally i would jump at that but i'm manning the office solo today
mmm but nothing i can do. lucky ive got great friends like u to cheer me up
wats up with the racism in australia? its not nice
[aeroplanes - we know, plato!] one of my favorite wkp songs!  ? [URL]
feeling better - did nothing yesterday but lay around.   hate i missed the youth leader polar bear swim   gotta love youth!
painting
oh nos, what happened
getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of 'turning left at albuquerque' this morning. i know you're excited - so am i!
it's so hard to keep up with everything! there's the whole coldplaying, twitter, facebook and not to talk about real life... impossible.
about to clock into work
now we are also on twitter  follow us to know the latest!
i kno i kknow ... sigh... been on. but it sux
mr tweet i think
i've become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!!
this is for nicole ï¿½ its raining, make sure you bring an umbrellaï¿½ see its not about the pack train i'm on today
haha, sorry, it's past my bedtime
texas chainsaw massacre: the next generation. tis nothing, but pure insanity. can i have the title of queen of watching bad horror films?
i definitely missed listening to the spill canvas, i miss seeing them live as well  'now i'm in stitches ooooover you and oooover you, oh'
had a great weekend in stuttgart at the befah-conference. wonderful people, nice discussions and lots of fun. together we're strong!
who goes bowling anymore?... me and my friends
i'm just following you because we're both wearing converse
hun are you okay? i see alot of your posts your exercising like mad,not eating or sleeping
its brokey
had a fun time at the concert!  almost got a picture with taylor momsen, freakin next in line then she left!
hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today !
finally synced ipod
if you register now, you'll be able to buy in pre-presale next year. saturday's gonna be mayhem on internet, wake up early girl
no.1 dont really mean anything to me anymore :l it did when good old top of the pops was on every sat or friday or something
im home!  videoke at funtime.. yey! got loads of tickets! nyahahaha!
nothing like waking up slow in the morning. docs appt today.
tanya is jealous because i'm mike's new favorite  it's because he tried to kiss me over the weekend....pictures to follow at 95sx.com
i'm slightly disturbed by hollyoaks tonight.  i really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm...
sad that when fitness center reopens will not have our zumba class anymore.  just found out today on our last class before closure.
ï¿½ï¿½h. iï¿½m gonna go in the 'big' house now, borrow my sis guitar and play and maybe write
morning.. coffee and fresh air
oh, is it good? i've been wanting to watch that movie but nooobody would watch it w/me
sleeeeeeeepy.... i'm off... goodnight twitterverse!
go into an anti-gravity chamber then you can tell gravity to suck it.
off to friendss for theree birthdayy.  x
[URL] - summer is here.
demi, just say hi to me and it's enough. just replay to me please  love you so much!!!
boo im lonely and bored
it hurts to breathe again.. why?
off to the dream world to battle the evil spork horde.  later, folks.
waaaaayyyyy too hot for that
.... so i always get left out
again, surely the uploading could wait until you got home?  i'm all about enjoying the party when you can.
might start spanish...any min now....nope just can't do it! ****
yeah exactly the fans overpower the haters anyday u know wat do wat u wnt i dnt even care anymore i know the truth about them
talkshow with larry, then cage?
****... why does it take so long to install sbs2008?!
have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
_uh_knee
i saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything i could have done.
just got my first lesson in when rain meets my white  shirt   if one more man tells me they like my bra on more time! smh
at tempe marketplace waiting to see star trek.
all you have to do is have your boyfriend say something for me so i can hear his accent.
95 degrees and a crappy a/c
stuck on nj transit for the past twenty minutes. great way to start the week
playing 'the simpsons game' for nitentdo ds light *_*
pleaseee give me a shoutout  love georgia (uk)
that's exactly why i prefer to give money and play outside the house. stupid internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow
i am having a pretty good time at work talking **** with one on  the gymnastics gils
just had an iced coffee. christ that tasted nasty
haha, yeah i think it's a bit of both
angus down 3-1 in first set     [URL]
he steals my stuff, buries them under fence. embarassing when it's the man returning them! not much i can do about frogs.
word to all those i call mom, and there are a lot of yall.. happy mothers day  i love you all!
i know how you feel darian is in la with bam and i am missing him terribly. and i won't see him until sunday.
i don't wanna be single the rest of my life
the john lennon poster. my inner fan girl is dancing with joy.
[URL] - square b - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
is boiling in the office, air con any1 ?
i'm so ready for the weekend. did you see all the flash flood warnings for around here?
#hollyoaks .... the curse of justin strikes again.... date the burton and end up screwed  poor sod
hmm. i'm disappointed. i made 2 servings, and i am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing i had company to help.
not there but wish i were
ahh dave canada isn't included  that's okay, we still love ya!  let's get this!
no nothing wrong with thinking he's hot, but he belongs to me
morning & welcome new followers! i tweet business & pleasure so just fair warning
ibood down
j, sorry about the bad night, hopefully my workout updates gave you a little humor in your night..
_kid congrats; im still jobless
heyyy! how are you todayy?!
yucky! we had our last soccer game of the season today...tryouts start friday
i'm a 100% reagan con according to this quiz [URL]
search ryan carera & josh kelley  they're really good
so happy that it's finally may!    the indy 500.  was there for the horrors of 1973, yet i still remain held captive by indy's spirit...
can't set up my phone on twitter
loll whats boyfriend #2 supposed to mean then?  its to cold
thers not many peole tweeting tonight... well suppose it is friday...evry normal person is out partyin, but im skint
yolonda, i went swimming with my phone at the beach lol and so i lost all my contacts
main event has not happened yet, but he is doing well so far
sad to be leaving so soon
if you ever need some help with the podcasters emporium, let me know
ok this is a lot more boring then i thought  and matt has me on lockdown bc of moolah...
wish all the mother in the flatworld have a happy & awesome mother's day
congrats to dave & anna! surprise proposal at the enzian theater in orlando  [URL]
hey.  i won't be coming to town this weekend, because i don't have a day off until next friday.
is so bored...
_in_nh night bud
(singz) so i think im jst abt done being ur girrrlfriend....im leavin....im leavin! jst love cm!
hey! haha, yep! that was me! negative comments get me reallllyyy mad; so i always defend them!  haha!
just got home from work and tired
i spent the whole day shopping with aiza.  i don't really like shopping.  still, i had fun but my feet didn't.
no one's coming in
i thought ur account  was fake. but, it's true, sorry david!
my brain is gonna explode, a minute from now ) it is full of numbers @-) this should be the cliiimb. :-j i'm climbing the: mt. numbers.
going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends i haven't seen in forever! too bad i can't eat the food
i had bad net issues on weds so couldn't broadcast  am on tonight tho... tune in for new anthems and bad mixing!
_c i can't find the original on blip.fm and the ex models version, not so much...
fantastic.... pick up a **** for me
basil will be the highlight of my day. i've just had an old man lecture me on the greatness of the telegraph. what an idiot
happy mothers day to all mothers every where
is bored. my bff doesn't want to hang out
and  great seein you guys today!!! you look so happy  love it!! lets hang out soon!! love yall!
yes please and check out your position on the locations map when added  - [URL]
wow justin timberlake on snl tonight was hilarious! you gotta love that dude!
i am listening to the music of super juniors of korea. i so like the way they sing and dance. i hope someday i can meet them.
plus, it is going to clash with ugly betty when channel 4 shows season 3 next month as well. grrr  !
sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the qfc parking lot on broad and failed to leave a note
what!!!????  where are u guys going!?
but i love adriana
thanks for the retweet, man  having a quiet sunday morning... how's yours?
has been kinda nice break but it wont matter soon i'll be in grad school
fun webcamming with caroooo
thinks coast capital sent her work number to telemarketers
_miss_cbw sorry!  it's been one hell of a day.  i has flooding
okay, as long as you're all right.
thank you for that!  i know it.
my coffee got cold blah!
enjoy the laker game for me guys! since i'll be at work
oh kimmy really?  i give you one week from when you get home to hangout with me. i better get to see you. <3
taking horse pills, hoping i can get some sleep tonight
oh that's star trek  going on the 7th already. woo!
not sure if i can use my neko tix for sunday night.  may be offering them to someone else, you'll all be the first to know if interested
finally leaving this place! woohoo! school time!
waiting for raimi's new horror flick drag me to hell. i'm really excited for this! too bad it's not in #amcmain in kc
that would be most welcome
my siblings left me alone.   bored. (:|
glad ts brought it! sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels
oh no! my fan broke  noooooooooooo! great now i have to swelter in the heat. i like heat-ish but it hot! my laptop warm as well.
got the cofo to late didn't close today   will close monday....back out to meet a buyer tonight to show a few homes to
aww man i left all my laffy taffy's at work
is way too sleepy to be awake
hello twitters
huffy is not having a good day night or life. poor baby
finally at home. who decides it's time for more work at 17:10 on the friday of a long weekend... apparently my client.
for sure! you and your wife seem like cool cats.
ed is awake! but andy doesn't feel so hot so she's still sleeping.
wrong button  ... my music biz building that is.
_e aw. well im sorry you don't like july for those reasons
drinking tea and eating choc chip cookies. going to head to sleep soon! night all
i loved johnny carson now i'm going to hate seeing jay leno go
wishing all the mom's in the world a very happy and relaxing mothers day. may you get to spend the day with your feet up being pampered
it's realy boo0o0o0o00oring ..my book is on the side & i'm not studyin for sure...
spent the whole day editing in pro tools...i luvvv this thing and am becoming quite the pro, but it gives me insane headaches.
i was in chiangmai for a month last year during loy krathong. best festival ever.
says ptour2 tom.  hello school again. ****! [URL]
grizzly bear concert tonight!!!!! can't wait. will my cold be over by then though?
aww way to make me feel special
the creeping charlie is what happens when i neglect the yard for the whole spring!  thanks- &  would love to see yr dogs!
i am working my way through a bottle of excedrin. maybe we are twins.
i hate it there should be a endless supply of hot water!  i put the water heater on 20mins ago so ill be gone in 10mins  ****
hank thompson ï¿½ the big one got away -- hmm... how old do you have to be to remember this?  ? [URL]
thank you  that's really of sweet of you!
running around town with kathleen....she's leaving me for a month..
i want to go back to school too *sigh* - but i am too poor
(duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people
at work and tired just want to go to bed
ohh. i didnt double tweet a while ago, did i? now i did.
:o looking through my old stuff and found a record from my old band! well,a band that i was in for about a month. ever heard of  ?
okayyy  you can read it to me cause then i'll feel special haha.
i'm not a fan of all day trainings i novi. i'm one sleepy girl.
socal!  stoked. or maybe not.. tomorrow
is feeling bad  just got bad news about my mum
wants to increased my karma ~  [URL]
oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again
night twitter lovelies. happy yo momma day. i luff you mummy
made $30 tonight watching 2 little kids swim and watch a movie!!! haha i love babysitting haha
i don't have texting.....
theres nothing worse than working on a friday night and having to wake up at 6 am on a saturday. i want my babe
lol, yeah i do it cuz it just seems that way sometimes don'****
you know what's today? no? it's the star wars day you ****!
right guys i have to go
no offense, but have you thought about a career change?
i have ants in my apartment
_jenkins nothing yet
cheese and onion! or as my father says 'cheese and minging'
im saaaaaaaaaaaaaad  i need someone to talk to.
welcome  they are beautiful snow leopards.
yes it does
hey perez! good luck! well, i'm still planning for a big present to be given for my mom! i love you mom!
can't go out this weekend, 12 hours of exams next week prevent it  got my uni summerball next sat though, should be good!
naisee. is it bad that i can see lens flares all arond me while listening to it? xd cant really catch what they're saying tho
is up, slightly later than planned... gunna get this essay done 2day!!
amen to that brotha!
company policy. has been for the last two places i've worked at
won't need my hugs anymore
congratulations on winning the indie award
always makes bad decisions
eating.
_shines92 aww that sucks
haha i bet a man did make heels! im sorry you hurt though.  i hope you feel better!  ~livelovesing~
thanks so much for following! the muse has much gratitude and wishes you a magnificent & productive start to your day!
omg they know so many words now where did the time go  here's some of there words money ball keys.
tummy bugs are lame! got about an hours sleep if that.
just saw the toy story 3 trailer! it's about to get epic! woody taking l's once again
just got home from dinner with my mommy and my new grandma. i'd rather be in hollywood right now
@_cheshire_cat_
classics are timeless...dont believe me, check youtube, google, etc. numbers dont lie & i actually performed it last night,
off to work now
**** if there is anytime i need my car... its now! dammit
oh good god crampsss...
oh that's good! my top 4 are: the haunted house/sound one; bakery; inside ralphie's body; & ..... i forget!!
you almost have as many viewers as the live eagle cam on ustream  [URL]
a couple of other guys did similar mods, so it may not have been mine that  saw. i think mine's the best, but i'm biased
me
_xo hey hey, ur following me  ur gna relise that i tweet alot!! haha more than a normal person wud but im not normal
the movie tym... so sad, i was crying non-stop.
_in_forks ::static:: i know! i've barely seen anyone since i got into paris yesterday.  i've just been walking around.  ::static::
is watching the final underbelly
lol well i learned somethin new  thx !
dissapointed in every way....confused... and damaged by the ugly love bug
**** it...margie said she couldn't share the info on who killed evil eddy with me   she wanted my info again, gave it to her
: re 'pot meet kettle' not so sure of that equation.
sweetie pie, buttercup, married ppl share hehehehehe.....this includes ur shoe collection  i am trading up!
i'm glad for you  i'm fine, thanks. just another night full of m
its monday and all is good
wooohooo! i'm fourth row back
made this for you when i got home from wango tango [URL]    what a wonderful day.
it's a dreary monday morning and i slept like ****...give me a break...
trying to figure out how this works  ... boo
ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend
collage. what is feminism?
at school right now
it's midnight.
i wonder if there is a life after alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy
hahaha this is super late, but thank you!!
so i spoke too soon.... & my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it
good morning...did you break 5 digits yet?
it feels like its nine and not one. guess what? i love making money
back at home. at the moment iï¿½m speaking to my aunt on the telephone and darius is neighting in the backround... miss my little horse
lol he does love spahkly gold things....
lobster dinner with mba folks tonight, but no terasse, pouring rain in mtl...
my wiki project is going to have to wait another month  but manager thinks i need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload
ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #****
i'm not proud. but os x excels at video/photo editing where the pc lags so much behind.
always
i'll take a lookie, sound great
soooooooo what happened to power forreal?
oh no.... trouble in paradice
so you're the reason i can't get a boc
yeah, i also had to do a paper.. i only have one more final left: algebra.. & i take it on my birthday!!   (june 3)
i miss coffee
it should take you back to colorado where you belong
hope the studyin went well
i can't open my eyes properly, maybe if i sleep for a lil' while longer it'll fix itself
yep, itï¿½s mothers day here as well but me and my family ignore it!  weï¿½re celebrating it every day ... lol
watching 'hairspray'
it's good they're realistic, but i still don't like thinking about it!!!
so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it
no flame wars on this weeks episode?
feels the same way about cherry-flavored items as shannt does about grapes. strange, but true.
at home sick.. on a friday...studying is all im doing at this point.. my weekend is so ruined
i mean i'm tired, and sooooo freakin in love with my .
just need to know what to be cautious about.  being cautious is good.
hmmm go to sleep because i have to be up at 6 on a saturday  for work, or watch 2 more episodes of one tree hill? one tree hill i think!
i just saw 22nd of june and it make me think of jenny  i miss her so much  ...
i'm praying for you and your family beav! i'm so sorry for your loss
not happy got a big choice to make
home from disney...best time in a long time...howl at the moon tonight for gba and then bhb tuesday  oh drummer boy  niiight
_defcon1 i gather you guys continued the drinking after i left?
whyyy am i still awake when i have to work at 8?! this is not good
i am up - dont want to be though  wish i had slept in more heather woke me up. i've got to work later but first i will read some twilight!
im having a bad day
hanging out in myrtle beach as a married man
computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz dual core and vista freezes...**** you microsoft...i want win 7
@_bella_cullen13  _cullen26  _cullen10  these are my family girls  love u guys *smiles*
- yea, i really need to learn to reload my own
now i dont feel so good
over him  finally
having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep
fakin' kisha...just my luck!
not really, injured so can't do much exercise. the kg's are coming on already. also still looking to rent some place!!  fun times!
my phone is dead  this sucks
she's smarter and classier. she's perfect for him. and, im not.
sorry, i'm back.. food was calling my name..lol..all is good here  and hi! , sorry i haven't said sooner lol
aidan, please
just found out my parents are putting down my dog tomorrow morning. upset
getting ready for work... think i'm catching a cold  yay!! now i gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace
my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours...
ruilen?
lol.  leave a kid on internet and the kid will do stupid things.
they are people too
im probs gonna have to wait until it comes out on dvd  x
. haha. rite. im freeeeeeee. britneys spears listenin time.
back from laaandan.  miss it already   check out my new giant purple bow and gold wing necklace. i <3 td [URL]
swollen face.....again
will deplurk! gah!! need to concentrate on jap! visit my [URL] (site) if you have time  heh... [URL]
wish i was out an about, stuck in with a pile of boxes, a sore back and a load of tesco blue shopper bags to fill from the kitchen
hey adt, guess what. my princelple's number plate is adtï¿½000 well its not 000, i just dunno the numbers.
sad  nothing.
la bound!!
vega under fireeeeee
energy steadily increasing, thankfully, but the cough isn't going away.
listening to miley cyrus breakout cd ! love it!
_jo my mask is non-existent at the mo  charis didn't send me one & i haven't been bothered to make one! i'm wearing boy clothes!
... you mean the fam , minus ahugs
thanks, wookie-man.  i test stuff out on you. lol
katie is my malamute dog, as for my weight, well i'm about 6ft tall and 73kg, which is quite good
happy mother's day to the tweetin' mamas  nite tweeple!
i just **** cleaned the whole kitchen....and the **** comes home & is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it
omg at that almost in our 40's comment!!  same bday as joe here...but i turn 40...omg....lol
: and my kid is only 3 and is stronger then me
sunburn hurts!
good morning!  i hope you all have a good day today!! although its a monday... be positive! ;)
church is in 8 hours! i better hurry up so i can get some sleep!
well for one thing i might be branded a 'public menace' by the state.
really was the best night ever
repeat final seconds of game 3 dal-den please! **** those officials. :| anyway, happy mothers day.
woken up finally after a long night out, tea, toast and tv coming up...
thanks i'll check it out! i'll be staying a thursday night though
more work to do
- redbull has the same amount of caffine in it as a cup of coffee. you're theory is quashed nicola
morning david have a safe journey and enjoy your time in the states  ****
[URL] - ahahahahahahahaha can i please eat that off your head  ****
ok  just a thought that occured to me...
on my flight headed 2 denver...see yall in a min
concert please explain? im intrigued
_shediddy lol , you gotta share too
goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was **** beautifuul!!!
my moms season 3 of weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home.
i forgot to put on sunblock before getting in the car
eat something!
you've got to love fly tippers: [URL]  worst i've seen is a dead mule dumped on holmbury hill.
we drove  summahkayy
oh, i'm so sorry!...my kitty is there right now being checked...losing lots of weight over last 3 wks. not good
hope you had a great weekend, congratulations!
where u at?
that little girl holly!  find some time! aw, she'll get loads of votes now i bet!
your sms managed to crash my phone.
did you watch it?
3 margs. driving home in the rain now
intentando intentarlo once again!
i did.'t get tht.
lol.  when i went to buy my new laptop in feb., i already knew, lol, but i looked anyway and walked away sadfaced. :/
just heard a single i had been waiting months to hear....and...im disappointed.
i think i ordered a few days after you. maybe you got something that was on backorder?
finally ubuntu 9.04 arrived as a disc
just burped at the same exact time as steph lmfa0
def cheese and onion  however after being back in the states for 4 months, finding a bag of salt&vinegar...they tasted great!
take that back on the cast...one dropped last night!
trying to sleep without any pills... not working. 3am and wide awake. but now it's too late to take them because i'll sleep til 3pm
lunch isn't until 1:00 but i'm already so hungry.
or, just make someone walk on ur back?? i'm a professional back walker-on'er  i could use that too, on the lower regions!
bwahah i love the jackass movies!  i have chocolateeee!
have a headache  i'm going to bed. goodnight!
happy mother's to all the moms out there..
that happened to me once... only i wasn't drunk. lol
i really need a job.
good morning/afternoon/night to all.....studying as usual!
have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer doesn't go to sleep. no internet access  no files to work on. slowest friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
lol @ kalahari.net marketing - 'may the 4th be with you'
i don't have mtv,. what am i going to do?!! fmlllll
i think me gettin a physical change
the people are coming to kill my mouse on monday    i have mixed emotions.  i mean, he lives in my desk drawer!!
i normally dnt sleep until like 6  cud never sleep at night n ur entertainment
learning all about non-payment from a client.  for a new business this is a headache i was hoping to avoid
ok - so i can't sleep...  twitter it is
hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!
grumble..weather man.. don't know wtf they are talkin about.
i was so close into entering pogue 's book today ' world according to twitter' , yet now i seem so far.!!!!!!!!!!!!
sadly that is so true
my lil' old mac did the same thing...and it was never to charge again.
_tech i just woke up a little while ago i did sleep a couple of hours lol i'm wide awake now
26 pin multi core cable goes bad just b4 service
a female robin just flew into my window and i watched her die in my bushes...  i think i am going to cry now...
who thinks i should start doing iphone app development business? @ reply to win an easywriter pro code!
i *really* want to go to the  concert tomorrow!!
it's hollie spelt with an 'ie' not a y!! she made me cry on bgt tonight  gxx
i though the clothes of aw0910 collection from +9 designers will be there, together with the visual arts, but it is not
[URL] -  now has 10,000 followers! congrats!
hm... i don't i can recommend any white chocolates though.. you have to move to the 'dark' side first..
mrskutcher & aplusk you two are to funny!
congrats hughesy to you and holly on the safe arrival of rafferty david hughes! hope all is well  xoxo
wish i could attend e3 this year. but these small events like the nba and stanley cup finals keep getting in the way.   work, work, work.
ah....okay
yeah it's afireinside687
would like to remind people that i am out of kansai scene, and whatever the current issue is like, i have had nothing to do with it
) nice. i want it. i'll get the pirated. ) i miss you
this early in the morning, they probably won't even need much make-up
my picture wont come up  it keeps saying thats a nice picture! but where is it??
i'm a good girl...all work is done
thanks for rubbing it in, jerk  where are you guys going this weekend?
yeah, that does sound a bit bad man... i got **** exam week this week
blackout in the city is never good
wow i'm tired... going to bed, good night
happy mothers day to all the mom's out there!! we love you!!!
i hate only having 1gb ram to use as host and 1gb for virtual machine  sucks so much
never noticed that before but you're right! guess that's because my heart is always dreaming of travel...
hang in there. i can be there in about three more hours.
'we'll do lunch'  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in
they ended up staying late  but how was ur night?? lol
yep.  working on the post now
i know. but the second problem being: he doesn't really exist still applies. shame
so ready for dc tomorrow, photo trippin'
i miss oklahomaaaaa  listening to citizen cope til i pass out.
ah  not doing cbeebies epg by any chance are you hehe. need pinkyponk crash warnings ;-) is your journey home long?
just got back home with my disappointing report card
don't be worried! i'm safe and sound!  <3 you!
back from lunch and i just remembered i have to join the daily recap with jb
i also used to be close with adiel and sabby. but now they changed alot. i like when we were in sec 1.
haha yeah this is improving my nite big time!!  i have to make a skype call soon tho, so will have to tear myself away..
i have a song suggestion. anything from the veronicas first album - the secret life of...  that would be a good choice
just got home after an hour at the track, i feel real good now =p running is nice  and abs work and push ups haha =p
looking for a new laptop battery. why are they so expensive??
i hate: midgets! smfh! had a dream i was fightin 1 ln in boston market, turbull! he kept head bunting me
awsome thanks jo...can't wait for her to be on  ****
here's a more appropriate @ tweet... is everything ok  your last 3 days of tweets don't paint a good picture :-c
infamous on the ps3 = awesome. my eyes are so sore now though
forget completely abt uploading the assignemtn.   only remmebered cos of ur twit.
haha, because i'm at 'work' and can't read anything
um...no  we will most likely be inside a lot, maybe the skirt will work!
its like i had a power nap.
last day for our professional interns
ok, time for bed. good night twitter
i have no swine flu! because of the temperature screening here i feel like a criminal with my cold.
went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining
me too. i found out about it a little late and couldn't afford it
ate too much vegetarian pizza for dinner! but it was so good
[URL] - miss them already
did you drink too much? the best cure is a fry up
i see
awe yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier >.< yeah i'm tired, revising history
enjoying this whole relaxation thing
prepare yourself
my sisters **** pc, just blued screened me
its 11:11  make a wish
sorry about it
omg!!! that's a nightmare
would rather be with the bride doing last minute wedding stuff instead of being stuck behind a desk until 5.  someday...
- god i'm up early. hayley still asleep but today is party day so i'm getting stuff ready.  x
yes, yes it was
i miss him  argh
went to get driver license and car licnse plates renewed.  my mechanic that does inspections out of town today.
cant contain myself, tooooooo excited
gotta get up early tomorrow...gotta be at work for 9
nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades might have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
[URL] - thelma, rebeca, fernanda symonds, fernanda cordova
check and check!   and yes, i did (and am)!
caught up with apprentice last night, poor howard, it was lorraine's turn to go
_x i was listening to that earlier  and the other day, i was planning something with my friends and i said that. they were ...
i justwatched like, 5 straight episodes of escaped on id discovery channel. a guy imprisoned 6 women, killed 2 and cooked them
_ i guess we will wait & see..
a walk in the clouds; sweet november; lake house.
evenin' tweeties. phew it's been hot! not that i'm complaining. walked 4 miles into town today and felt all hot 'n sweaty   was nice tho.
im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
on the phone with the bank.
i hate it. it should just be english all day everyday
what time you close today? is it the last day today or tmr? i may shed a tear
tomorrow i mean anna
_crisis deathmatch? i don't have that game. plus.... i'm not really good at any games  lol
the good thing of having a fever is feeling cold, especially in such hot weather. i think i'm hallucinating lol  .
if someone have a friendster profy!,.just add me!,.ayt!?,.lol!,.[URL] !
woot! lol  it's gonna be hard to send this one back
i totally felt bad for the guy. haha im good  i miss you guys!
hope you get your car today   hate anything that stops me from my work ;)
here's a quote for ya: jesus built a bridge with 2 boards and 3 nails.
wish u was in the d!
_fisher hey!! how are u??did u got my reply??
whys your cat in pain?
i cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot.
i can't get it to load for me.
_pax goddamn   that **** sucks *hugs*
_n_dc amendment 4.5: the right to be big pimpin? because gotta say, a positive right at best. man, 2nd time tonight w/ this thrd
studying for my exam tomorrow @ 2 & packin up!
on my way to la. running a little bit late
lost my game  by 3 points!!!!!
i loveeee cashis  ms. jenkins is my shitttt!!!
at the only with  and , but not with .
i can't believe it...
ugh rude!..
its all over! no more high school
you're the one getting married on me
o iight we gonna miss you tonight
this is the last time to get it right...  hello loves....
_g  ur a poopy head
movie out today but i cant go see it
i know!! yayy
i went to the doctor. i hav a virus.
happy birthday and cheers to pao!!
**** it! i want to see that movie sooo bad.  don't tell me anything. hehe.
lol that'll teach me to blindly trust amazon search results without reading!
watching the best movie ever: the neverending story!  i wish my babbby was with me, though.
_hemmat she's mad coz she purposely let you step on her foot, n thought you would give her a kiss to compensate, but you didn't
i now know more than i ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs
i don't wanna be a **** when i go to europe. need to eat right but it's so difficult
like you're not enjoying the hell out if it.
<i>waiting for natie to come online i miss him
layenn down,uughh dunt feel well
lucky you...my day has gone by with large amount of boredom...and a little stress. the detalis can get a bit gruesome
changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be n don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
thank god for starbucks
flying is falling, getting distracted and missing the ground
i've had that before...sometimes, they turn into other things; felt is very forgiving. remould? cut up and re-form?
my lovely husband made me breakfast in bed this morning. who says chivalry is dead?
hehe yeah! its funny that updating people on the random things you do is so amusing.
yes i am
spending the night with mom and tommy.. just ordered pizza hut.. yum!
i am in total love with my lip ring...more than all 12 of my piercings...it is my ut-most favorite
mitchell i tryed to add you on xbox live lastnight during when i was in your live show, but your friends list is full
tigers! woo! you're my baby! omfg. cleveland was a blast. sleeping.
395 votes for hungary?what? but....but...the nurburgring...  [URL]
poor stuart...    i was wondering where he was!  moving day today!i expect a welcome cake or case neighbor .... hehehe
_sb i killed my furby tooo
whn r u goin to europe?
a shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair
i love music!!!  i like almost everything!!
i should have run today  but i let my slight aches be a bad excuse    i'll make it up tomorrow go 5.5
the rain was pretty nice. i only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here
6 freakin days!!  just a thought...what would i have to look forward to after this?
_dj xmas a week early? hehe, at least you didn't have to do any last min shopping
?
oooh, neat!  yes, sf has such good food.  again, so jealous of all you sf people.
i have to wait until i get home to watch the new moon trailer clip. stupid work internet access restrictions
happy hug your mom day!! love you mom
i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend.
aww...  try to rest na lang muna... ^^
that's not too bad.  good luck!
i feel sad for you elizabeth.
hey!  who are you closest to among all the disney stars?  [i'm a filipno too. d]
big sam houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  [URL]
says again.. happy mothers day to all your moms  [URL]
my sister got a lunch date and i don't
he doesn't need the shirt for that jane...we just had to suffer another two old eps tonight
comp. mental health wouldn't take me. samuel rogers center in the city gave me appt. on june 8th. i have 2 days worth of pills left  < ...
is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it
watching qi on dave - still quite bored! not even adam davis can cheer me up.  and he's quite funny.
excellent!  you got a name for him yet? don't forget to twitpic him.
you can vote once per day per computer
brian is teaching me soccer!! lots of fun
i was nice!! i called you  lmao
lol - funny thing is - i don't even know what class or even race half of the people in our group are   yes - i am that clueless
what's up yall! i made it an early night!  i think ima bout to take a shower and chill witcha! did i miss anything?
i really miss my photofiltre and photoscape  gimp is too **** confusing
i think i've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings
meh, almost didn't sleep, ain't finished anything, i'm close to cancel the dokomi
hi michael!  wow, thanks for the kind words! now i must find love connections for you just for your bg alone!
is listening to 'la la land' i love it
lol!  that is just the way i was brought up.
gonna get a tan. i am so white
hey lonnie! i'll be there next weekend  i can't wait.
well. that first tweet for today failed.  lol. back to sleep or bacon and eggs? so hard to choose!!
time for the hittin' the hay  later tweeps. ala billy cunningham, you are all great americans!
looking forward to ben's baseball game tonight
is @ school, we're gonna learn how to use skype
just got home from work.. my feet are killing me
i'm awake, too early for my liking on a sunday...but i'm looking at my pictures  last night was bloody awesome, there are no words...
class until 9:30  yes on a friday night...
wishes he could be with that special someone....
miss my hubby already!
im starting to rethink my 'i cant stand cold places' stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable & i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway
i have to go to work with out my  and
eating halls cuz i have a sour throte
e3? nice! i wish i could go! make sure to take tons of pictures!!!
good morning everybody and happy mothers day!!!!
i wanna go out
the morning forcast on the radio was partly to mostly cloudy -yay vog-  stay inside and have a happy friday
wants to eat baked tahong. it's been a while. really.  [URL]
wonderful! let me know what you think. not light reading
noticed wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that's nice
ohhhh, how sad...i didnï¿½t get it!
it started out so lovely this morning, now looks like it's gonna chuck it down
- my son plays pitcher and catcher.  beautiful weather this past weekend for baseball, but i am exhausted!
off to the cheese counter i go! thanks
... i have phone calls like that often .. different subject - same result of feeling beaten to pulp and left for dead
is singing in the rain. cover your ears, people
is highly amused i wasn't treated nicely like any other patient..not my fault my life is better than yours.
i decided it was best for me to stay in tonight lady. i shall be in pittsburgh soon!!  (farewell!!!)
listening to music!! my phone just died on me  !! can't find my charger... my brother needs 2 stop taking mine without asking!!
so over it!
wow.....i've been stood up  might as well go to work.
is gutted to be at work when it is sooo nice outside
i wanna good breakfast with   school is wiggity whack!
who out there loves the soup. i do, i do.
is  a very tired tweeter
_carter  we can't see the video it's private
hmm  is following me and to think, they declined thehodge.co.uk for inclusion into there network
when are you coming to indianapolis  !?!?
oh no... that bird is back
did your car get towed? thats what happened to redgie's car last time he went there  another reason why i don't like splashtown
i like the optimism
crossing the bridge....leaving ocean city  i'm sad.
twitter stop being a **** and let me change my background image!  (imagine a shiny nhl ring in the background)
doesn't want to go to work....
,,, hey mom,,
have a great show doug, have fun. im sorry that i wont be there to watch you
the city officially smells like dead fish
bored out of my mind
algebra test in three hours!
is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight
hey  'keep clear'   (robluketic live > [URL]
is loving life
when he's there. he wasn't there today. sadness!
really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period
taking willy to the specialist...poor dog! he has to get a ct scan cos he can't walk properly atm
i walk to & from work...about 25 mins...think that makes it worse   improves once indoors tho.
this class is really long and i'm really getting hungry
pepsi throwback, you taste so good in my belly.
[URL] - haha nice, now i need an iphone
on my way to school!
finally. deleted her number from my phone contacts  #heartbreak
_cook you make me sad. why do i like in canada? i can never watch these things. i should move. know anyone who needs a roommate?
summer makes me feel ugly  all the pretty people are out showin off their good genes  **** them to hell!!!
man i just made a **** buger mmmmmmmmm  taste so **** delicious i love food, i eat my feelings lol
is sad to go to work cuz it's termineda's last day...and little monkey's last day too
congrat on 4am. i do it every day since one month.
nah the lights killed the mood now you got to get out my bed
more than welcome...would love to do more physically, but family life doesn't allow
gahh. my freaking lip ring is going to be the death of me. it never cooraperates with me. and im over it now jack haha;
nooo it was a real mushroom! but our neighbor uprooted it
- oh, cool!! d. i'm going to like a bunchh of jb shows this summer... i am so broke now though  haha
i hope the young'ins enjoyed your wisdom!
smith/amherst mini-reunion last night was fun- how i miss the old days
working 930a-730p today. 1.5 hour lunch..8.5 hours work. overtime = good. the fact that i'm already dead tired = very bad.
aha both same length, touche
**** it!! _____________
dang me too! it's only a 4 hour drive! too bad it's my daughters 1st bday party  it's hosted by donnie
yay, short stack episode 20 is being recorded on tuesday
omg that little girl on bgt!!!!!!!!
haha, dork  was it good, then?
yum! whole box of cookies for me
and you. okaaaay
off to school. who knows what to expect? bring on life and all of it's suprises!
sending love & respect to all the mommies out in the twitterverse! you all inspire me!!
ahhhh my keyboards getting worse :/ my bday's in 1 more day
@__jasper_hale__ *laughs* that's because i like winning
yeah, i've never seen that! but, i guess i've never really needed it.
eating ice cream at swensens
itï¿½s a beautiful blog, but iï¿½m not able to acess it anymore!!
i've got to meet him tomorrow, midday and hopefully, fingers crossed, it'll all be sorted. my head is still hurting though.
they just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  i wonder if i should be thinking about not going into that jobfield...
could do, will the fact that its bank holiday make any difference? lemme check my money situation also
i'm getting more and more followers... look out ashton!
is feeling rather lonely and broke...oh wait...i am lonely and broke.
tomorrow's mother's day. i need to get all my **** together soon.. noor left, it was fun  it's been nine months!
i thought there was more fanta in my can than there was
sounds like a plan.....yea excited now
watching rugrats  anndd tweeting, of course!
!!!!  glad you're alright!
good luck chan! gue kmrn bawa backpack kosong, quite helping
don't want to go!!!
i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!!
guitar lessons tomorrow. ( i have to wake up early again.
nope, thank god, not on air...  it's a real application, compiled code...
addictive isn'****. biz could definately be better! folks have just slowed down on getting their done.
hey bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!
i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore
loads of little jobs to do today.  going to be playing walking themed music today from brickman
yeah, i remember.  *hugs*
sadly, i don't   hehe
i loved it! you guys are amazing!
can you follow me so i can dm you?
see ya there
going to bed. night
need to leave now.. tweet laters
is playing restaurant city.
baaha  & healthy choice my friend! (:
don't ya just love a free night to catch up on your dvr shows? antm here i come...ha ha!
last chemistry lesson for this school year!  on a brighter note, my birthday will be sandwiched between two days in chemistry lab!
that video was funny  i'm just signing up now and i'll vote for you!!  x
going outro... peace.
is it seven yet?
morning. panic. clicked a link and opened up my browser. firefox, what have you done with all my saved tabs??? gone! that'll learn me...
nice song, where did it come from ?
why weren't we invited?
nice action shot: [URL]   i miss working a pole.
o'charleys? pretty good. especially when its free. hot waitress? i think so. back to work? unfortunately.
i know i shouldn't be saying this but **** it..i'm **** as hell  [URL]
on youtube watching taylor on the today show wish i was there !
@ it hurts me that my sister has so much potential and she isnt using any of it  what a waste of god-given talent.
i never knew
i cant spell
finally able to get flight control for my ipod. best game app! 123  **** choppers lol
i knew that, jus givin u a hard time hehe
all my worms either escaped or died  bums!
ya mine too but for very different reason
[URL] - i can't wait to see them!
she can rock a guy's world at night, then make him pancakes the next morning!
i love my memories. it's almost like re-reading my favourite book all over again
peace bro, thanks for not just the music, but proudly representing as a father all over - happy mother's day
for about 3-4 weeks now i got 3 different pairs of strighters thinking they wasn't working, just realised it was on the lowest setting
hee. i love them all.
i don't want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. i will soon be without a trace of wisdom
morning there.
is playing mybrute!  follow me at: [URL]
at work  oh no it's the first day of monthly visitor ahhhhhh
same here. but i am just going to browse sa until i get bored.
studying like crazy in hopes of acing all of my exams!!!!!
so happy its friday...not so happy about this rain
_sydney is he on twitter?  i know  he is into photography. runs also popular photography blog too.
my computer got screwed to hell by viruses. i just finished wiping the drive and reinstalling windows xp  i want a mac...
lif's unfair....luk wat it did to ma frend...i m so hating it
computers are a great distraction-but sometimes you should be exercising to getting your chores done instead.
i hate songs and surveys  they always seem to make me cry.
morning all! something for the weekend and leftover dominos. noiiiiice
scary!
food @ cheesecake factory w/ travis. he lost his passport btwn sd and lv.
okay...just eat cookies && not share with me lol
full, thanks for the food jean  i should have brought that half of the watermelon with me and eat it on the freeway and crash and die.
awww man that does suck big time  but look at it this way, it gives you something to look forward too, a nice long ride
sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    [URL]
kat stewart did a great job with a great character not that i watched #underbelly in victoria
it really made my night. infact, it made my weekend! well done.
eating an apple... for once in my life!!! thought you would like to know
just checked my account i also paid twice
awww i'm sorry  what kind of fish did you have?
i have a sore tummy
tired and gunna go to bed soon!!! first time i've been online today!!  all ready for mother's day tomorow
who cares its hockey
() my chick wont shut up  will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
i luv da movie say anything...  ? [URL]
off to rehearsal for the rob delucca thingy next month. nothing like learning new songs last minute
haha wats this about?
oh come on!!! you get next week off and i get next week full of exams!
went to see the dentist. can't eat and im starving. really sucks.  and ist's painful.
thinks twitter doesn't like me
ahh, sunshine.  just deleted 404 spam emails from 2 days - now off to bbq in sun  wonderful...
oh men!!!!!!......i really can't see my face........c'mon guys!!!
i love you thomas.i will always respect and support your decision.and i'll miss you  but you're gonna do amazing things <3 you
looks like i have a couple hours of software updates to install on the brand-new machine... feels just like windows
wow we r watching the outsiders  smelly english.
everyone is so sad about the no touching rule.  you still get to see them! more than most of us get!
i haven't seen muffin in two whole days!
she had another song out recently but it didn't get that much play
perez....... the youtube video isn't working
no food in the cupboards... sent mum to tesco
i wanna play  golf
so i guess if the couple sees its ceremony as valid, it is valid, the community be damned  .
theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
i have the immense pleasure of being entertained by pride & prejudice for the 3rd time and i must say that i find it very much agreeable
you must like my song.
i've gotten a cold every time i've flown somewhere 6+ hrs away in the past year.  hope to be back in the pool/on the bike next week.
eating a dillybar from dq! yuuum
re-pinging _b: is it pathetic that i .... or am i just pathetic ?   naw you a cutie
lol....heeeyyy love! not much working   and you
new picture  bored.
check out review for the movie fighting - [URL]  hilarious!! leave this guy a comment!
awwww this made me realize i have to take down my bulletin board too!  there's so many memories up there.
_marie hey girl i'm sorry about your loss. best wishes
good luck 2 u and the babies
i need 4 followers to get 100 followers!!  fallow me!!!  i fallow you back!! ;)
i cant sleep, but im too sore to move
alright, i'm coming  get another spoon ;)
~ sorry the response to my assistant job has already been filled. please check back soon.  i'm sure she will not last long.
nice musli bars!
i think they are working why eyes are drooping  its so weird being under drugs i dont like it ... cant wait for tomorrow though
just woke up. i dreamed i had 9 new emails! sadly, it was just a dream
going to shawnee........i hate the long drive there...i just want to get all this paper work over with
watching 1971 edition if old grey whistle test. fanny, mamas and the papas & isaac hayes. don't make shows like this anymore
pfft, cydia apps ftw, code on the phone, make, reload springboard
is myspace mobile free? or do u have 2 have credit... cause they are liers
other than that, you are totally bereft of faults in every way
cheeks bakery just closed  crazy how williamsburg can support an infinite # of boutiques w/bad clothes and not one decent place 4 a scone
the beer buzz is almost gone.. the world has become complicated again
_gates am also gutted...the end is nigh  x
[URL] - lol you sure love that sushi. you've tweeted many pictures of it.
hello!! sounds very good, you can count on me, i follow you!!!
seeing the gf 5 days in a row for a few hours each day is amazing-just wish the location wasn't a hospital
mom just woke me u[p and i am so mad i was dreaming about  shoes  she whants me to go to the river it is so stupid
she could spend the rest of the night in her room.  at least one of you could be happy with a glass of wine.    #surlytween
moving today!!  i'm so excited!
epic writing fail, ew. going to try and sleep
i was wondering....   have a great weekend!
what a bad day 1 of my close relative has died so i wont be going to florida
i hate being yelled and sworn at
prom's over. at denny's now  with katie and kelly<3
ohh, ouch
5 and a half more hours of work  i wish i had something to do..
delayed flight  san diego to las vegas. why do delayed flights feel sooooo **** depressing!
my besties. if only  was there.  on twitpic: [URL] - my besties. if only  .. [URL]
my record player has decided to die. why on friday night? sad e  [URL]
we went not so long ago. i used to go when i was a little kid. back then there were tons of teeth. now, not so many at all!
can we please?
? <---- i'm going to post this everywhere now.
well,  i discovered i can't swim.  i'm out.  sorry
i want to but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  i really really love you mitchel! you're awesome, you rock!?
yes ma'am u do have a pretty smile. but you also won't eat chipotle with me.
i'm still at disney (just trained at soarin), rose is the same, we applied for an apartment last night, and eric lost his job
six more finals to go
nah im pooped from moving 2day im just laying down relaxing  lol
well, i'll have lemon and ranch for you. not for me, though.
phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
lol. no new diet plan...ran late for wrk so didn't hav a chance to make lunch. i ate a lot when i got hm!
_rosie  it was my name until yesterday
soooooo true. i don't dare ask for something like that!
useless tweet! lol jk yay!!! you're coming tmr! how long u gnna be in phils for  ?
ahhh yay! i'm getting into it. knockin' a lot out.
just bad day. t_____t gyah. no car, baby-client is teething and miserable, i forgot to pack a lunch, and i has to get a new car.
if you like those cookies, you are going to love my cookies   lars tetens cookies that is. you coming to see us on 5/16?
nice on the jet ski testing! hope the book is going well. cheers for adding me, got twitter after watching the gadget show
if there is a tesco nearby, then go there
he so is! <3 hence, my new forum signature!
not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me.
my uncle isn't coming after all
i haven't slept this good in such a long time... i feel great.
i just signed up for japanese 123 at clark college... it will be a night class with kamei-sensei... only two days a week  kuso!
is about to go in the garden, weeding, mulching, cutting down and anything else that i find to do
anytime! i'm off ~ i can't match your stamina... my nice, warm, comfy bed is calling (screaming) my name...lol night ninja!
wish i could be there too!  enjoy your weekend! ****
thanks hon, doing great and yourself? happy mothers day
i get migranes.. so .. that leaves you to either arthritis and/or gout!
its a real shame that its not nice and sunny outside, it would of been nice to have another bbq  nvm....
i'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year
many thanks, mate
oasis or ribena? toughest decision everrr
so sorry  definitely getting it out this weekend.
ugh back in reno
oh no....do you think he's lived out his lifespan?
training again today.
don't have one yet  but hopefully i'll be ponying up for one soon because this 15' is definitely hitting a wall
i'm totally gonna have money to actually buy a pair of shoes this time
i know right...
i hope you had fun in canada  don't worry you'll see then again this summer,
please nick, say happy birthday to me. my birthday was yesterday!
ahh im in love.  hes theeee best.
you gave me the inspiration for my last update.
..get over on his mom & now i feel horrible, he must think i am.  that's not what i meant. just thought it'd be better than the brunt.
i don't have any of that
it's  s (mr. tonematrix) birthday today. poor guy is ill at home. perhaps a 'hi' from the twittersphere would do some good
that gave me a great smile. nice way to end the day. you are so right
had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do?
_davis are you headed to a conference?  oh and if you're doing the book buying ban, you can always borrow, right?
omg that's really good i want to see the photos! have a nice day
the wedding couldn't have been more perfect
pretty sure you are hero status... you rock my socks ms mccain.
hey! it's so funny - i stopped to get a coffee on the way in and spilt half of it in the car!
it's teddy chucking time
i joined this because i think my smith chips invent a flavour competion entry wont be recognised  its  sweetpotatoe and seasalt  flavour ?
tired! goodnight twitter  its mother's day  happy mother's day  lov my moomy <3 yayy! god bless.
my pleasure  i really enjoy your random word poetry, and am disappointed when i miss out on participating!
is sitting in her nan's bathroom dying her hair for the x factor auditions tomorrow
if only you'd come the sick one...with inflamed vocal cords
tripping through tiredness is nottt nice
i thought i was going to see a pic of your clean car
sitting in school  sucks to be me!
oh great tampa people - anybody in the area know someone who works for the jain society of tampa bay? none of their phone #'s work.
thanks shir  i got caught with the commission once but now i get amazon.com gift certificates and they don't take one if i do
lol...i am greedy. i'm craving coldstone again.
we'll be back sunday to play @ the horse, i was out last night at mex you were not  miss you
typical overcast bank holiday monday, glad we went to the beach on saturday
oooh harlow is so sweet
i need some free #fieldnotes because i can't travel to north 3rd street in philly to buy my own.
is charleston bound for the day
one mo time becuz  hasnt seen it yet!!! and shes soo **** cool, ill post it just 4 her  [URL]
tomorrow is house shopping...
i just found a crack in my baking bowl...milk spilled everywhere
just realized it is friday and b/c of a party i don't get to go racing.
even arnold couldn't save the parks  [URL]  - how is this providing jobs?
frak. i like sunshine, but i do not like heat headaches  shame, because today was lovely otherwise.
i cut my hand open!!!
this economy thing is getting us down. i stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. hoping todd gets work soon.
go for it!!
_carter it says 'this video is private.', wtf????
midnight cry.. wish the person i wanted, wanted me right now
you wish
haha,i just may do that,yo!
why is it so dark outside?
_smith glad the zoo was fun and you had a great mothers day hun
home w/bae & myka.. he's so meann
i still have a lot of time on my stupid contract...  18 months before i can change providers
!! we will miss thomas  but have to move on. so watch this! [URL]
_life  hey i like love icarly it rocks.   my youtube account--> [URL]
listening to dave barnes, getting really excited for junior senior
_n_wilson c'mon, i like the superpower explanation better! lol
waiting for my momma so i can go to chase and see what the hell they doin with my money. i miss wamu
legit. legit cruise.
rocks my world!!!! soooo funny!!!!  <3
totally forgot about the dgree show et al. now ensconced in home, wine and ready for bed
oh ok cool will get back to you on that
i quite like god save our king too
possibly! nyquil will get me through tonight though  doctors monday! (i hope for the swine, just so i can be on google maps)..jk
i kno i doooo!!!!!!!!!! yall partyin with out me
breaking news: the broiler at burger king is down. there will be no burgers at burger king at lunch!  at least chicken fries were there!
woot, woot! super cool
huh. i'll have to try that (for no other reason then just to try it
watching videos on facebook makes me feel like the biggest creep. which i guess i am. also, tweet #200! woohoo!
bye.
oh fack u gave me police thats some seriouse ****
did 15 mins on expresso #cycling (3 miles) and beat my last time by 40 seconds.  then lower body weights.  now ready for work!
that would be soooooo much and geeky to the ultimate level! but i work 9 to 530am
had the best italian meal ever last night! twas godly! i thinks we may get our kitty cat today
good morning twitter!
just got out of prom, it was fun  off too after prom text me
working on your birthday isn't so bad when you get to work with ruby on rails
voyed on mtv movie awards  mostly on twilight and slumdog   [URL]
subhana allah... i got scare told you i started having anxiety
i should be paying my bills and not playing on here.
we did it last year right around the time the black parade is dead! came out. awesome times, man.
im only failing 1 class.... algebra 2 **** it that **** is hard!
there's nothing wrong with having a quiet day... it gives you more time to listen
: we can't wait to see you!   this week can not go fast enough!
history project
ok peeps...i'm not crazy...i was twittering 2 someone but had no idea how 2 direct msg from my cell! blonde moment!
so stinkin' adorable!  i want to come check out the studio
found 's spinning top instead of outtamyleague mp3. pardon me sir. but i promise i'll buy a copy of the cd. i'm saving up
i have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. what the heck am i allergic to? it itches so bad! dang it!
i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer
no more tickets for today.  having dinner with mimcy after work, then we head home. then again, she might get a call
is getting ready for another makeup baseball game.  played the same team last night & got run ruled.
i miss bri. come back from queensland, ****! i have no one to sit next to in class.  and drama is no fun without you. come back, ****!
thanks everyone for praying for president aquino.  [URL]
i been saying that the past 2 weeks that i miss playing spades and drinkin chillin.. the good old days.. let me know baby
wowzers! thanks! bang bang misses you on the dance floor
just rang the irish one. drunk. must confiscate phone.  hate him lots.
wow, atleast u only have three weeks...i have two months to go    are u going away?
bye bye edinburgh  i don't want to leave
peace! good morning
happy mother's day to mommy
enjoy!!!  have a good day. don't forget to twitpic ****
parvo sucks. so sorry pup has it.  i lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. still sad over it. hope he's better soon
home at last happy mothers to all the mothers special thanks to my father he bought me tulips so did my princess  adult swim time (anime)
craziier are off of msn!
okay i'm about to 'crawl' into bed and ummm ummm. we are about to talk. we need to talk about somethings, good night tweeters.
i can't wait to see yall friday !!!! i hope i meet u guys!! that would make the night even better
_wi_no_name nope!  the printer in the library didn't work, ill have to pass it in monday
hey tom. have your plans to make an concert in denmark this year?  please reply ****
i hate being sick.  make me soup?
i fee your pain its lady ga ga and it will drive you insane oh dear god her songs are in my head
'the truth is hiding in your eyes'    paramore ï¿½ decode   ? [URL]
what a nice young guy at dunkin donuts let me go first
i wish i was there too
who can do it like we? noboddddyyyy
[URL] for my homepage
awake. suprisingly. couldn't get to sleep last night so gave up and pulled an all-nighter.  how are you?
sad because i cant go over my friends house
i would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back
it does! lol but i have none
thanks for making me laugh
playing the game of watching straight people hook up but can't leave because of another reason
how would we get thousand battlegrounds  #battleground, i mean we don't even know how could we reach which number to make it trending tpc
ha... totally go for it. you're a journalism major, so it's a perfect fit.
welcome  !!! let me suggest to you  and . you'll love 'em! in other news, my algae fish died today
hahaha probably not  sorry. we've got some things to do around the house...and then we have to go to jared's parents house
7.53.  7 minutes till 8. this is not my best day.  i'm late for class again.
**** that is awful... could not believe it at first... so sad
i'm sorry. this is all so sad.
located & ordered a new cooker today. feel i've got a real bargain from [URL]  ï¿½80 cheaper than the place i almost used.
i'm still here! i just changed my avatar
what happened?
sandwichesss, then work
i miss you too.  we'll have to get together once everything settles down in a few weeks.  congrats on the house!
talked with mom. al sang a song for me again  am off to sleep now..
[URL] - **** felicia is freakin cute
awww the wee gril in britains got talent
i don't know how to use this
i wish the sun would shine. but it won't
come on all you lovely fans number 14 in the local pop charts  let launch an assault on the number 1 slot!!! www,reverbnation.com/suki ...
true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
i found it, i added it, but it's still blocked!
you're in miami right? i don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately
need a camera blower.. my camera censor is dirteeh..
went to mikey's cousin's wedding. his mom caught the bouquet.
excellent good to see
first trip home since diwali. but before that a couple of days in saddi dilli
i don't think any of what i just said it true, i just had a rant about mcfly, i cant belive i did that  i feel ashamed
haha you are just as bad as i am.... well perhaps a little less retarded . i am attempting to knit myself gloves this winter
today was the best <3 eff yeah i <3
fruity pebbles?! what? over lucky charms
nice luke quote  goodluck on the test u have been dreading.
christa's mothers day card, deep in the build phase.   - photo: [URL]
i always thought scuba diving would give me a entirely new perspective of the world, but too chicken to do it. can u help?
@_janet_ ouch, i hate it when favourite items of clothing get ruined.
_1990 i kno i came in coz the sun kept going behind the clouds but now it has come back  sat in my window now on the floor lol
i know, the suns not even up and ive been up for an hr. tossa decided to sleep on my side and cold nose me.
i have a facebook but i use myspace and twitter the most. i hardly check my facebook..
what happened?!
interesting... i never get to etown, however.
happy birthday mel. we miss you in the uk
hollie steel  bless her. but go dreambears <33333 hahahahaha
i wanna see that movie 'keith' with jmccartney in it! it looks sooo good. but none of the video stores here carry it
is #6 seed in regionals!!
steve makes fruit smoothies for me each day & they are berry delicious, i made mine today & it was berry, berry bad
wishing everyone a happy mother's day.  xoxo
finally got my money. too bad it goes to bills
my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold
hahaha. tea at grandma's was sweat. yep.
at the walnut high school prom with becca
i'm sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster if i don't get better.
..uuuups today is mother day???....sh***....iï¿½ve forgot it, my work doesnï¿½t have a end *sigh*....thank you for remind it
played okami for 14 hours today
srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me.
is waking up somewhat. go canucks!
ahaha!! i have all of your albums.  each stuff of your music is so beautiful! that's why i am so in love with them.
it's 4pm friday, he left at 6am thursday.... surely he should be there now
are you having a bad day?
having trouble syncing my iphone to my work exchange email  help!!!!
how i met your mother? best show ever
drag me to hell looks so freakin scary  watch terminator! it was really good.
and again [URL]
send me that photo man  ily favourite
i want to go to peru this summer ahhhhhhh! hopefully! yesyesyes! i miss it over there!!!
bye selena!!! too bad i didnt get to talk to u while u were here
oooh that's clever. i bow to your economic wisdom sensei
_war_mt i'm no longer blue
third driving lesson then back to the office
new comment on jowki:  i wish i had the time to blog more often  [URL]
going to the doctors now. scared as ****.
_forward poor dead josh.  [URL] please leave your messages of condolences there. #boy #rip ||| that's sad.
i am sad that my kids were ungrateful today
i started x-slimmer at eight this morning, it's still going  i hate that it always want's my friggin password.
just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office
hahahaha! it's not horrible, if others were singing with i'm sure it could work. i wish i could afford my own drum set
first time in my live that i got a little pop up on the taskbar saying that one of my files was corrupt and i needed to run chkdisk
hi  yes wasn't she absolutely terrible! how on earth does she hear a good tune from her ears? lol
happy mom's day to you too
gross! haha it was like the tiniest piece ever but i can taste it like i ate the whole onion eww
my mom is a nurse practitioner&spent entire life devoted to the field.  the good ones deserve to be recognized! i'll follow her
dude, i hear ya. i'll be 26 two weeks from tomorrow. i feel old.
holidays are now over - not fair!!
[URL] - my hubby and his adoarble baby brother
conserve water. take showers together
who doesn't know who the supervillians are fails. i saw you both in january at the warfield in sf.  legit show for sure.
i wish i had a concept of what time it is right now....  not adjusting well. obvs.
working!   i am so ready to go.
i know it's sad. but back in 05 the auto industry didn't understand that iphones would change our lives
#sometimes also emoticons sometimes
trying to get a sale in my job...
just chillin at home
went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse.
... same to you!
i can't go tonight   *cait*
why is  scared or  lmao.. someone pls tell me!!
is there going to sausage on it  yum yum
i  do not want to work tomorrow!
lmao!!! man i was so bummed when she stopped braiding
picked up luna from the vet. she looks like she's been crying  i'm not kidding. her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. my poor bebe!
its raining cats and dogs here, in mysore! thankfully, no pigs/swines!
sounds good.  and yeah, i turn 21 tomorrow so i'll definitely be partying.
why can't i buy the nokia n97?!? amazon says 'cannot ship to this address.'
boo  rabbits pisses on people you know that
hey hey!! i got this custom designed, one of a kind superfresh t over here with somebodies name on it collecting dust
checking out ciege cagalawan's s/s collection and i am regretting that i did not see his collection tonight  i got invites!
just got up thinkin about how weird it is w/out our dog
summer is finally here! graduation in a week!
aw not again!  feel better soon bb!
: hi, i think u should try ph? in vietnam, it's really quite delicious
they have a list of 50 state parks here in pa that are under consideration for closing. nice ones too.
hahaha my uncle does that coz my aunty is a **** who left her kids
oh so nooooowwww youre too busy for me...dam i see how it is! how long we known each other?!?!?
oh the noon? i don't know if i can make that one...i only get 30 min for lunch
1 week and 1 one day to go.
lol yep sure do... although i must get out the house today !!!
i adoreeeee matt nathanson!! i am so jealous of you right now.
i wasn't  i was with the bf at the time, and am now omw to class. what is this new kaggra,?
bed bed bed  do you never answer texts anymore?  i thought of you the other day and sent one but never heard back. sad day
thanks for following
sorry to hear that.  if i didn't already so much planned this weekend, i'd have considered going too.
167 brian 167 that's 1...6....7 followers count them and weep. and they all know who is the buzz champion by now
good morning and happy mothers day everyone
time to get ready for wrk! ahhhh, i dnt wanna goooo!
did 2dives w/ oceans deep dive. 10m vis, no sun, no colours. dynamite fishing has done it's toll on the reefs.
just tried to sign up for  but apparently knoxville is not a big enough city  will knox ever be on the list?
_neith james just doesn't take a bad pic! colossal loveliness! (wondering if i spelt colossal right...)
oh no! i woke up accidentally.  how can we get you to fall asleep? should i scare you with p2 or p3 stories? jk!
choir banquet was more than i could've ever dreamed.   i'm so happy! now after party at lauren's!!!
late for   sick kid at home, hope she feels better later tonite
omg! i luv u guys, thanks for keepin me entertained, and awake !  .... missinmydgbigtyme
dull life was on the soundtrack of one of my favourite showss
on a flight home  after an awesome trip with my cousin! miss you sophia
in media still havnet found ipod
i think i tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  i'm getting old.
wish i was feeling better...i've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now & i think it is winning...aches, cough
07 !!! it's bloody quick,, even my gran could drift it   [URL]
_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week
() oh snap!  just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
cavs do it again!!  oh yea!
i love you more than you'll ever know.
ive been up since 530,i hate wen i cant sleep. garys takn a nap and i mite do the same
i would totally take you to prom...if i hadnt already gone  sorry lol
just reached for her plate to get another bit of toast and realised id eaten it all  not a nice feeling
jobo's tired of getting off work at 7
being sunburnt is horrible
the renegades last day was today and...well... he's gone... didn't catch him  gutted... closest he came to greenock was kilmacolm!
well, i was under the impression most people have the urge to buy new sofas  to be fair, we're not tiling, we have a man for that
had a long day at work. stood home. now sleeping to have another long day at work tomorrow & happy mothers day to all mothers
drinking coffee....mmmmm.....coffee
starting to get sad.
its friday!  well, technically anyway...but its really thursday for me.  dang having to work saturday mornings
then i guess that makes me dot?
good morning btw - a public holiday in uk, love it  and dinner tonoght with 2 special people.
i totally want some white chocolate macadamia cookies from mrs. fields but the mall is soooo far away. bleh  i think i'll make my own
work, work, work. finally not sick, though.
i just had a horrible dream.
its too sunny for work  !!!
time to get off the puter. nite all.
was mostly sick when she went to bed, but woke up feeling mostly dead
fb i hate when i try & support my local bookstore & they never have what i need
i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already!
i hope you knew its due tuesday
dude what is your sn nowadays because i think i lost yours
is over it.  [URL]
oist the 1st tym, di pa ko 18, the 2nd tym, may sakit na siya... don't blame me
ooh_bell whatchu goin as? monsterpalooza's this weekend for us.  on the no ink, i won't be a stressed contestant this year! miss u x0
city dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...i remember y i miss  lol
**** girl i'm so down but ya gotta let me know so i can get my kit together & i got a flyer  any next weekend? i'm down!
i'm always hungry all the time but now i don't even feel like eating. this is not normal...and my throat's sore. i'm sick
amason seems to think hamburger a-go-gos don't get it till october! well now....
did not feel like getting up
im quite upset do i really look under 15 :| they must have thought i was 14 or something ! whatt ! thats unfair
ok, sending me messages asking to set my blog live won't work (linked to my developing website)! take a tip from  and be patient!
haha. the pic wrong. haha. now the one is then correct.
nooo, poor cat  he just wants a cuddle... or food, its hard to tell
hahaha!! tv isn't really my thing anyway..i more of a music girl
happy birthday to
stuck in stupid jeuno with flag up.  wish i was in windy fishing
_henrie haha i wish i coudl meet you.. you should stop by seattle some time  home of the starbuks ;) i love you david!!
good morning to everyone
i kno i'm behind the times on this one, but i just learned that troy 't-bag' dixon died back on dec. 8th 2008. rip troy.
at the drive ins with daa crewww
ok my friend is about to dye my hair black scary i know, ill try to post some pics tonight if not tomorrow for ur verdict
1 day to my birthday !
nope, not 'done' yet
hi! we get to try out new restos..so yea, it fuunn  let's have dinner when you get back!
there's like no one i actually know on this shizz! am dum diggin' it
annoyed and overwhelmed
good morning world.
tgif but its so rainy and blah outside!  i need sun   trying to figure out what to do tonight, i want to go to prov to the hookah bar.
_earedpages yay!  i can't wait to come in the bookstore and gets some new books
_ladie haha, i've got my camera and lenses ready!
and mike for bring it to me even tho it was really late and he has to get up at 5am in the morning...
ohhhhh with ya
just had an awesome girl scout day at dodger stadium with two awesome olympic athletes joanna hayes and heather bown!  and we won!
enjoying the happiness of this special day. another day that i can make the best one of my life
im not at litle oven tonight
michelle,  is on here. don't u miss her being on fox? i liked your interviews with her.
probably because it's getting chilly here
i'm supposed to be ms. twitterology
having internet access on board means i can see what bad weather we are flying into   [URL]
getting ready to to to school
happy mother's day to all the american mamas!
it sucks when my playmate is mia all weekend.  sad
ty. just a long tiring day filled with expensive plumbers and work  needed calgon. hope you &  have an awesome weekend!
jonas was absolutely heartwarming. now, time for bed. goodnight!
thank you  i liked joe's clothes' being ripped off and then kevin screaming, 'who are you!?!' xd
_ri_ja good morning, it's nice to see you!
_eyes i wish i knew!  the curse of tumblr.
thinks that the limit of 140 letters is really not fair. 300 + would be better
lol. thanks, penny. i'm trying to believe you.
p.s. sorry about ur uncle
being slammed with spam followers today. is it just me? or is that all i can attract.  get a life people.
to all mothers in the world : happy mothers day
_morgan_  which 1? there r2 that i love and want to share  i just wish i'd made them-
ok... maybe not angry... just with very little sense
excited to see 'up' for logan's birthday in 2 weeks. sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho.
_whitex gratz on your tix. sux u will be poor tho  i am trying to get pj harvey tix too but debating my $$s too
_rothlisberger that's **** awesome!  *bookmark*
excellent, he will never know, lmao.
and added it to his collection. i was too much of a punk **** to ask for it back.
i want to chat with you in im some day.
one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crossed*
but i went out and bought some nail polish ellen
follow me!
the trip to stockholm got cancelled  to make it up i'm planning to do some shopping tomorrow, nothing makes a girl as happy like shopping
on way home tonight i saw a newspaper headline 'susan boyle quits....' surely not true
something 2 get your attention 2 get sexify my love played [URL] what? it worked last time! no $ 2 bribe
_dayne omg!!! yr like a goddess to me. prove yr love & love will lead u back are 2 of my fav old skool tracks  x
i love chocolate. must be pms
heh, aye. i should have investigated properly first before asking  does seem like it's not the most obvious thing though.
waiting for jonas to come on
the straightener's another 110 pounds though. seems pricey
god, i hate scary movies. they are not at all. i'm such a wimpy.
no. not professional at all.
well, you can print cy_k not cymk
everything counts  what are you drinking?
the ultimate shirt folding tool ([URL] i saw  using this in one of big bang theory's episodes
_0981 lol i was going to do some homework, but kind of got distracted... again...  goodnight!
she must be a were-wookiee then
son of a ****!!!! arggghhhhhhhhhhh so over it.
darline!!* miss you
ty for feeding our nk addiction..ermm i mean our uhh nope yup addiction covers it
i cant wait to be home and snuggle with my puppies! and my fiance
is it sad that i'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  i am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.
i'm so bunged up!! i hate colds!!
, decaf? i can do some teas late but never coffee- id fly around the room. justin timberlake hosted. funny sketch w/ samberg
i wanna be out in the sunshineeeeeee
#myweakness too loving ...i always let negative people into my life
making a twitter account
uh.... what does that mean?
btw, happy star wars day... may the fourth be with you! roflmao...yes, i know i'm a total dork.
: your mail server just rejected a simple, plain reply to you as potential spam/virus threat. not good
i've burnt my collerbone and arms and face! aww!
types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. gah i hate not having a job i want pizza!  lmaoz why me?!
no go rove go the mcmanus'  adam is cool tho
yeah   but i'm jus glad the thunder stopped .
is doing boring accounts stuff
lots of noisy peeps outside
just got the bouquet of flowers for my mom  hehehe sweet )
going to get me a new roomie today
twitter will not upload my icon picture  it hates me. eff this, i'll upload it later
happy mother's day! i love you mama
i wish i was going to internet week
first puppy gone 2 new home.
i'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what i think it is since you #follow me for #caca.
does anyone out there want to be really awesome and buy me one of these for my birthday? [URL]
i have to work tonight  but i get my paycheck!
oh i believe you...   sooo  thinks she belongs elsewhere, i say i dont think so...
goodnight;
finding out a song you had no idea was a cover is actually indeed that .... and then thinking that that is awesome makes my day.
going to jack's tribute match today
yessssssir!!
u think i could call u tnite?
_127 good morning  one m,ore day yay! #twittertakeover
cause these stupid people dont have my phone and my tummy herts
going to second morning of the day... just sleeping for 3-4 hours
i wish you were playing at my prom
awesome  i saw it thursday night. it is so great. 100% perfect casting.
very early and i am actually just going back for a little more rest ..... talk  with you a little later ....
if only that was really my job title
harley quinn cstm  hehehehe  not going to the prom buaa
walking back 2 wk. its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains
monday blues? not today, not for me.
_ luv it  so true
: hi, there! i'm sorry for not telling you  let's meet up! with _meirizka too. you promised to treat us! xd
welcomeee backkkkk
work time....
thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go
pretty sure my laptop just died 100%. hp dv2000, wireless problems constantly, tons of heat, won't start at all now. fried circuit?
says goodmorning.  [URL]
[URL] - if i say 'mystery science theatre 3000', does that mean anything to you?
'how do you like them apples' is from the movie rio bravo. good will hunting make a lot more sense now.
i decided you should help me make my first solo album
tired and all i want to do is play random songs on my gitwar but i have to do my drama essay.
in accounting class ; then detention after
if they recorded it and sent it to people, they obviously meant for it to get out there.  but if they didn't, i feel bad.
not got virgin yet... not sure i can, tbh ... thanks anyway!
it baffles me how much radio shack isn't the same radio shack i grew up with
**** i'm pass 400 updates! haha! tweet tweet tweet!!!!!!
i know, right?!? i have such a lead foot
happy mothers day. take ur mothers into a special place.
the curious case of benjamin button!!!!! i'm so excited about this **** movie
i can't have any.
waking up again, this time with a hot cup of coffee
*hug*
i forgot to put my work clothes in the dryer  also, i love my new slippers!
happy mothers day! i hope tom got you something special! enjoy day!  xo
thanks hon. #migraine went away then came back.
try having your best writing five years behind you  heh, it happens
it was an adventure to say the least. i've been to nicer parts of norf london but will stick with the south for today
bro. martin!! i need you to repent!! pam said we were going to get to meet you last wknd...
i hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  i overdid reading today, they're sore as ****. going to rest. -sigh-
my husband is loosing his goverment job due to downsizing-he is looking for a new job but can't find one in our small town
hellooo!!! how are you?? gosh i miss seeing you around. thought of you last night when i had some amarula
i added it, are you still awake?
happy mothers day to heidi klum
caught in a herd of somalions
that's more like it - 3rd  #fb
why me? i am about to read another ecology book for two hours. its all good fun today
the 22nd can't get here fast enough!
not really  but its work so yea kinda
i sunburnt through factor 30
i did the same thing in nola
i canï¿½t choose one  i love all the songs on lv&tt;bt if u like... read more: [URL]
practically my whole body burns... i can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms
i've always said to pd that i wanted a kitchen like yours...i just wouldn't know what to do with it
i want to panic
there is no sun here in florida..it's all rainy and cloudy.
no happy hour for me today
wow panic at the disco en abbey road
[URL] - ok...i love it!! melika come on do your make-up like this next time we go out
is cursing ab's wardrobe handles. one drew blood
careless
just listened to domination by pantera on grooveshark: [URL]
have a huge headache... don't have asprin here at work.
can't i just be a stay at home mom already
im so jealous! i want to go to ny
checkin twitter out!
#myweawkness chocolate...i can't say no
hanging out with dan and brian in my room for my last night
so my friends are coming to see you on nyc...but im on stupid vaca in the stupid cayman islands so i cnt go  iloveyou<3
flo can spell antidisestablishmentarianism off the top of her head. wait i just did
omg~ that did not sound right...** u better b grinning **  thx
aparantly it's #starwarsday so enjoy  don't quite know what your kent to do but be happy anywho!
just woke up, no school today, we are free
not good enough!
i'm bored : hope your wlan will go today!
going downstairs for more coffee and socialising  wow... only 4:16?.. gives me time for french later
step 1: be a photoshop expert  [URL]
awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good?
i also concede to my first twitter grammar fail.
_tennant yes! watching season 2 all evening.  wish i could get bbc2
a week away from 21 huh!? so what do you wanna sip on - i got 'cha! shhh... we won't tell  love you!
maybe going to the movies later? ik ****
parking garage concrete pole 1 -- the new odessey 0.
is not running in the annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline & its completely filled
perfect way to end a totally boring day? sleep. goodnight
i hope today just flows through and lots of nice things happen at work so you come home happy
i'm not part of that generation unfortunately.  this is really good though
**left off the 'again' in the title...whoops!
have fun without me pasty  <33
c is nice, but i wouldn't call it fun
is feeling really bad about goofin' on  not knowing she really wasn't at the meeting! dang i'm sorry! me & my big 'ol mouth
sure, as long as you said where they're from! glad you like them
_meir ohhhh ouch dude, i got it now i was drunk last night and didn't get the context. sorry dude.
; another friday night cancel.  probably movies with just ashley.
i'm gonna miss all the live comet action tomorrow! i have to go take care of my cousins and they don't have access to the interwebz
woo! twitter kind of sucked without you.
wtf?! my tweets aren't posting   super excited about the weekend! <3jfg.
facebook.com isint letting me change my profile picture
i would have to agree on the bacon cupcake... would rather drive 2 the shop instead of 2 the office
i think it was more the tigers crumbling. so not surprising at all, really ... lol ...
etsy handmade cards weren't any good?
yep... or it should b automatic that if u fall 4 someone that person does 2!or smthng like that... but the way it is sucks!
horseback riding
playing pacman on itouch!  lol
reaaaallly bored
just thinking that it will all pay off in the end.
my convo starts in 12 hours... and i am sitting 6500km away writing gis queries
i am waaayyyy hungry!  oh fyi my work email is down again blah!
i'm really mad at the world today. today is just a sucky day.
almost got in a giant car accident on the 101
: aww, that sux!  _x3: eeek for airline charges!!! (****)
getting axkit running on ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.
_sm do you know why we have two categories on our website? i'm trying to remove one but i can't.
i've been up late this week watching jay leno. tonight is his last show  but now he'll move up to 10pm not sure if the material will bsame
counting the minutes until i can go home
love your latest journals. i finally joined twitter so came to say hi
lol nice  i loved that concert! aha u gonna post these pics
3000 then ya up with me my friend ... i type too much
ok bye alex have fun today
my hd is full. need to cleanup a lot
i did not twitt yesterday cause it was a very busy day but i'll be back tomorrow  btw i can not sleep  i'm like in zombie mode @_@
i'm so glad
lol!  considering the recent debate on dl, i'm not touching the bad boy thing.  i like the logical ones.
at thee mall
can you please have a short stakc competition
boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
good rainy morning all
thanks those who have clicked :p well i think i did something wrong, it's still at 0 visitor, 0%.. maybe i need to reinstall everything
soon i hope... really need to finish the cloning project so i can get more done
most of da time on gtalk ! pls make my follow count 600
i wanna come!!! how come u didn't invite me!
hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion
baltimore beat the yankees
it's gloomy outside
not so good  i think that's my fault though - didn't use buttermilk. recipe was on back of the flour.
and i want to let you know im here for vfc no matter what happens and yes i need a hug to bad i live in delaware
my bracelet broke today too.
i have the biggest headache right now, i washed my hair wif mum's shampoo and now it's gross  i like my shampoo way better
i have a weird subconscience. i wonder who will i dream next
it is very cheeky one, but nice too
i missed you guys this morning. i'm in tacoma w/ no kgw to start my day.
less than 99 days til warped tour.
lol cnt its too slow
false alarm on the house
i'm sorry you're feeling bad, hope you get better soon... you know, if the plague doesn't getcha.
nobody is up this early
. no sun  but i can see the ocean now..i almost ran over a squirrel driving home from the store, was so foggy! where r you?
some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  now my bike has a small dent in it and i have to buy a new set of pedals
oh...ok...didn't know that.
congrats!
i will let you know as soon as i figure it out... sorry about the mix up; i was supposed to get off work an hour ago
knocked up is sooo godamn funny. never gets old  'you're tupac. you're biggie.' lol
maybe tonights the night to pick it up again?
second wife, what?
is still waiting.
off to see wolverine
lost my ba115 enlisted class in crs!! ( whyyyy. hindi naman conflict or whatever.  ang labo ng crs grabe. t.t
i'm sorry
wishing all mothers happy mother's day
what do u do when ur dads losing it mentaly and dosent remeber you
when can i ever do a barre chord???
i'm going on an excursion this week, so i won't be twitting....
...you should call school and tell them you have swine flu so we can have the day off
no we had to go to malibu to find a beach!
quick answer, when do i put the bleach in the wash?? in the start or middle..  don't laugh @ me..
ahh when i was there it was closed
i find john mayer's tweets mighty entertaining for a hearty laugh...so thanks john
ok its been one hour im still waiting im losing my patience
have a wonderful weekend at home! good day today (it's friday!), but no otalia today (*tear*)  lots of love to you!
gotta work.  lonely weekend ahead.
dahh- i do believe it's time for bed. g'night
in regard to knowledge, i am like the little robot in the movie 'short circuit.' i am always crying out: 'imput! imput!'
twittering while my hair dries - just washed it in macadamia and orange shampoo - smells gorgeous
so grateful for my amazing family. how blessed am i. happy mothers day everyone
quitting my beloved job... having a long luvly  vacation at koh tao (turtle island), south of thailand... sea, sand, sun...wanna join me?
need to cheer up!
will do it  in a  couple od days , when i have  more time.,  for  now  i   need to  get some sleep. night night  all.  peace.!!!!
is problem free for now.  atleast i already said to that person the truth.
i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering
agreed! though eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching oome. had to muck about in jconsole
happy mother's day to all you mother's in twitterville!
has a sore throat
_angel i cant i dont have mms  but i will waer it nexxt time i see you
i have a fever
so hot in the office as air con been broken for weeks, fans on all round office but they just push hot air around really and not helping
arrr. exam is on next week.. im dead.. bwahahaha..  i love you btw!!
_khan oh please, you don't have to do that to me. don't bother
feeling inspired this evening, huh?
xdxdxd you crazy little thing why didnï¿½t you get off the train and hug me????
i'm yours - jason mraz....looking for an electric guitar  yay!!!1
hah! i saw the wolverine last night!!! now i can die happy, well not yet though, got a few things to get done first, but was my moy
@ cayogial i wanted to come to bz this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer sucks
@_supernatural_ [URL] - i liked old ruby best.
working on the store's facebook group, getting ready to relax and play some 360. i'm thinking mercenaries 2 tonight; me likey explosions
i'm lookin for email to this man  i have his photo -spray painting in wroclaw(poland) by kosmo [URL]
uuuuugh!!! i hate i missed  interview!!! i wasnt at home!!! darn!!!
we need to remodel the house and the thoughts of doing it make me kind of ill   he has one way and i have anouther, i just want to move. !
have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is
they do! lilash i'm guessing, right?  oh and what camera are you using? that is insane quality!
sang on xbox lips and drunk beer my weekend rocks so far
the chicken noodle soup i made for lunch to feel better just burned my tongue . . .not a good day.
good but it's supposed to storm later
haha i only love you too sissy!!!!!  ring power! lol
it smells like the beach from my job..
its 1:11am and both my girls are still up! .. im so tired ..
*sigh* another two out fly out for papi
just came back from my first city rooftop party  man, even when you're next to the new yorker bldg, it still gets pretty windy up there.
happy mother's day to every mommy out there
yeah it's a really fascinating paper isn'****? credit goes to  for the discovery
ohh boy my babys tooth came out !
god bless that oh-so-sexy rahul picture
just got in, gonna go upto bed in a sec, not drunk! i'm disgusted with myself  haha
i love them too! they look so cute together
i feel like my dream just got crushed
ok, back to the dentist today. all i want to do is bask in the sun
has roughly cleaned his room, and now is heading to pablos to read
is about to go for a run.. in this weather..
trending you say? well, there's tweetcannon   [URL]
hmmm. using tinytwitter on a small non-touch screen is really not much fun
nope. just come back to ct
i think i have hayfever. not sure due to wearing next to nothing in horrific weather on wed.
it's my fave!
_joy it's entirely possible
my heart hurts too.
yay! lets welcome mrs mcnugget to twitterverse!
is terrible at saving money..
and i wanted us to leave at 12:45 to do a 1 p.m. showing (staff retreat mini)
that's the prob, i work from home, and the bed's calling, no, screaming out my name! had really strong coffee instead
i told you i'd be back  just won't be updating as much before my exams. looking forward to a day or two in your house ;)
stepped on coco's foot earlier while feeding the cats; no harm done afaik, but now she runs away from me
ugh, i don't know if u even care about nicole richie, but i do and c that i missed her on tv last nite despite the twitter
so sad that schools have to close.
happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an i can't sleep
morning!  happy mother's day miz!!!  thank you lance!!!!
here are some that other tweeple recommend to me: www.audiomicro.com , [URL] , [URL]
[URL] - lol pretty long
never mind it's closed  sorry miley
why so expensive
hey, it was a gorgeous, day (and night) here, too.  played in the sun then a full moon lit my way home.    life is good.
had the best night i've had in a while.
that poor goose.
i saw the pic. you surely don't look like amisha patel nor like a mum of one
you never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt
politicians and celebs have lottsa fun  .. it's just that for some of them, fun is actually ..  sin
ap is associated press: [URL] there are many other global news agencies like it
i did
i'm up way to early today!  work later.
my husband thinks my twittering makes me a creeper... whatever.
hi john! thanks for sharing that quote! it's soo true
dammit i had the passes but i am still at work
omg i'm on a one year work permit! going home end of june...i'm really gna miss it   #canada
has been told shes not allowed in the sun tomorow!  either that or wear sun cream!
its beginning to get way too hard to please all of my friends at once
have beautiful dreams all, i'm off to snuggle down with my beautiful babies as they are done with the outdoors.
muhaha martha <33 have fun see uu next mnth
glad to hear that    do you have a busy day today?
may the 4th be with you! hahahaha that'll neverrr get old
woo, hulu desktop! my poor mac is kinda struggling with it though, poor little core duo just can't keep up
missing my man, two months is so long to not see him
he was my reason for even going too haha.  shaun of the dead was too epic haha
92.7 is turning it right about now.
people are not twitting very much today
yes - it has put a damper on us 'getting to know' georgetown! instead he is watching tv and i am catching up on invoices.
oooooo -- no, i have not! glad to hear it was incredible, though! i still have it bookmarked to try sometime
nick is so cute in the tiger costume  ahaha it made my day
yay  u get to see ddub again ;) those 5 men always keep me happy & motivated
happy birthday.
it's 12:30am,  stopped tweeting, my brain's not functioning. i wanna cry. haha. philippines tour, please?  love ya!
princess_i have to pack up my house today.. butineedhelp
i'm watching it at the moment  -sighs- and straightening my hair which takes hours as my hair is so curly!!
business exam tomorrow
it is going to be a beautiful day!
congratulations! check that one off your to do list!
there are 3 other drs. in the office and only mine does this  it drives me nuts, especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
hugh masekela pix online + contern - t71 pix + review @ [URL] -> coming up next naturally7 concert this evening
no sucky
headed to eat with my hubby n my mommy!!  so ready to have some drinks...
but i realllllllly want to. llike im really starting to hate pa. btw, i just messaged the great one known as dylan
character designs complete! .... in about a week we'll give another sneak peak... stay posted!
to mast ladki patata hai chal jiske sath bhi jaye khush rehna...will miss u my love...  #twpp
_am well what can i say - you do look hot in your pic... that's gotta work for most of us...
lol fine by me  long as its not the scary dude its all good
we were all set to get a room last saturday! i can't apologise enough for missing out deccy
allianz interview went well, got a rejection from mod though  .... going to be a long weekend as i hear from allianz on monday
morning all   will be at warner soon! lots to do, then go to school for some work... hope everyone has a great day!!!
he says thank you
what is i/o psy? i'm taking psy101 starting this monday, not looking forward to going back to school but
it's raining..
your **** miss you!!!!
yeahh! i am very happy with my pendant, and hope to see you in future fairs. ps. good mini muffin
you don't think they will catch them? god yeah can you imagine how they're feeling
why you stop following me? was i not cool enough for you?
i love overnight. and they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you.
aw how to lose a guy in ten days  <3
haha **** hell i know ay. **** son he's just making trouble. we could take him.
i wish i had friends i could spend the night with
aww, thanks babe!  you and yours have plans for tomorrow?
good morning everbody!
i am sorry i don't like girls ~that way
love new shoes  thanks wine lo
playing logical gates games with charles on : [URL]  charles took less than 5 mn to make a light bulb flicker
homee from wango tango, i had fun  really tired now. wrapping moms present and passing out. <3
fresh change from hearing i write sins hey!!?? not that theres anything wrong with that!
i like tweet deck and i'll try the other one u recomended thanks
know what would be great? for my shoulder to stop hurting so i can sleep normal again.  i just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep.
missing someonee...
back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee.
wow. that's looks really good. i wish i had some. was it good?
i wasn't able to go the conference.so i didn't get the outline.. however i have been doing my own & it's coming along.
i only came across viva la juicy on fri, no testers only body lotion in the store.... but i defo need to get it asap
maybe because you got in 4 hours ago from an awesome night? nah, that can't be it.
i miss you  when are you gonna be down in irvine again?? liz and i were just reminiscing about all our adventures.
: yes, that's what i was implying. was a bit too subtle, as usual, i suppose.
_kat why not??  ****
so that is different than normal how?
received her first pressie. happy happy.
california's budget deficit (now at $24.3 billion) means big problems and lots of cuts, including 220 of our state parks
i think the very late night on friday just hit me  off to town to meet a friend soon for ice cream and coffee
weekend with my cuzzo vivi, i can't stand to have her leave me in 3 weeks
i don't think i am going to get to see any of the sun today  gutted i need colour!
i can't buy, only rent!
playing see you again-miley cyrus in the shop
needs to 'unfollow' some tweeps, its not that i dislike you but i can't keep up with you tweeting literally every 2 minutes! sorry
boo (but will i listen?)
there u go
i just successfully defeated the swine flue with the power of positive thinking!  #swineflu #h1n1 #swine flu
home !! home @ last !!!!! time to step outside for some life
typical google docs is down  oh well open pages
_the_bear  i love  the names!
oww...just bit my tongue
well alright. but #dollhouse is still fricking awesome. elisha's performance in last weeks episode sold me there too, finally
happy mothers day ang
im slowly losing followers one by one.
bonjour.. did you sleep well?
i'll make him nachos tomorrow. better than if he would have made them himself.
3 years in 2 months!! hooorah! can't wait!
belated kay tita.  wow! 2 prizes in a day! congrats!
waaaaay over all tht bitchy ninth grade **** (: half yearly exams over & im sickkk
aww  i will keep sending it ;)
it's on today's menu, don't worry
one week until race for the cure! please donate if you're able [URL] and wish me luck on my 5 mile training run tomorrow
watching saturday night live; justin timberlake hosts
ustream replay for control your rankings.  [URL]
can't sleep so i'm watching some more gilmore girls
. welcome to twitter!!!    love you!!!  can't wait to see you next month
feeling bad for daisy, she cries in every episode       i watch waaaaay too much tv
watching some scary movies with my friend
is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game
i wonder if she knows how shallow, airy & dumb her tweets make her sound. i guess not b/c if she did...she'd probably stop
urghh, i'm gonna do my project now  don't wanna waste valuable weekend time
didn't make it to 1000 but i smoked her.  she's at 60 and i'm at 260.  thank you! how r u?
great night! great peolple!
ugh! i just realized that i have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! pains of computer being wiped clean!
is having a well-deserved break today..no phone calls, no emails..only plenty of catch up movies to doooooo
i haven't got any cupcakes yet  i was hoping if i said it enough, some would appear!
can i have your old one?
says bad trip! (angry)  [URL]
apologies don't fix hurt feelings kev.  anyway i'll get it from u next time i c u.
and he really doesn't like shiny happy people. i'm a local rem expert btw. saw them for the first time in 1986.
john at a college thing   staying home all weekend and hanging out with my momma. sushi tonight <3
i had my hair cut today and my boyfriend didn't notice....
the portuguese national library could use it also. right now they seem to be stuck somewhere circa 1995. example [URL]
guus's last game 2moz
zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt
haha gunna go buy a whole bunch of emo/punk clothes
@_callmecourt always welcome hun
its not mothers day on the west coast, tyvm
bruno arghhhh i cant wait
mcfly?!!  aren't they the best band ever? i wish i were there to watch the concert. singapore isn't a place they'd tour.
just completed button hunt 3
i was looking forward to seeing  in raleigh (fan for 10 years nb too) but scalpers took the tix and sell them for $200  morons
dogs eyes seem bad. just forked out on new washing machine so why not a vets bill to top it off eh?!?!
long, fun day  now for some relaxation. some tv with the mom, then sleeeep
jamie @ sean cody, up for some angry ****?: jamie @ sean cody, i wouldn't piss this one off  hey there guys, do.. [URL]
no, i dont think its bad. and its very well edited, too.
i dont think so
i'm not sure what stracchino is, but it sounds good.
not going to graduation, hubby-to-be not feeling well  so instead, doing more job hunting online!
thanks.  i'm self so i don't see the 'my account' area.  i'll have to dig deeper it seems
3oh!3 - rich man is amazing, really can't be bothered for school on monday
[URL] <3 google ... wish they'd spend a bit more time adding bits to chrome though
sometimes i wish i was a warden
not looking forward to this long trip in the morning. i'm sick
busy but fantastic. tried to unplug for a few days.   thank you for the ff!!
with e3 coming up the worst possible thing happened. no not swine flu! not aids! rrod!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
boo i'm a week late  how long u in town for?
.. these holidays are soo boring..
az's finest vol. 3...intro, how it lookn?????
lets go home
official whine-tweet for today. nothing specified
can't go to bed  an am sooooo tired!!!
yeah... it's gonna be a long while for me.
_and_zi thanks! i'm on my way now
shared kim hï¿½ltermand - portfolio: shared by kaare finally a dane  iâ´ve got the honor to do the amazing.. [URL]
he's not **** lol. he's a riot definitely, but not at nkotb concert. i want 2b a smitten girl with no distractions that night
is a bit tired. i blame the rain.  [URL]
very malakas ang ulan. how will i go to fort
what a riot..now you can tell you're friends you've got chlamydia..but you're hoping to get pox-syphilis soon
that is my idea of good dinner  happy munchin
i know! i can't go either...it's sad  she needs to come back to mi asap, haha
happy mothers day mom!  i love you!
horrible thought... i have to go back to work on monday   good thought... i only work for 90 minutes   life is good.
lol! thanks for showing me 's site. i won't tell hubby if you won't.
i had a small tweetbreak from twitter i think i needed it
yes. he's fascinating. i love his bedroom.. oh my god. the books.
oh my god...my favorite havaianas just broke after three years or service  they will be missed. and they were molded perfectly to my feet
it's friday, but not the most pleasant ones  waaaaaay to much work...
are you daft  your now going to recieve a million friend invites on xbox now and one of them shall be me
no, but i missed you
its a gorgeous day and i'm going to work allll day  just gotta keep telling myself its for nyc!!
i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
happy b-day ma freaaaaaaak  <3
yes, rays beat the red sox 14-5
@_erica i know right
saying goodbye to papa....
just finished an exam, every1 else has finished cos i chose i different course to my friends i have one more exam on thurs next week
you're cycling tho' that's good. healthy eating  healthy and eating are a contradiction in terms.
haha, it'll be gross by the time it comes back.    tell you what .. we'll yum! vancouver some malay spot soon, or just go indian
i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert
listening to music box.  when mariah could still sing
[URL] vote for rob
well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone, so time for sleep
i'm finally going to bed, everybody.. whatever you're doing, be blessed!
it rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row
cuz airlines are super lame.
so so tired..
wow, my phone was blowing up with tweets all day. now that i'm home, it's a ghost town! guess i'll do some chores in my apt. & go to bed.
the geography was an exam today!but turned out well  omg on wednesday will a english exam xd   i woul'd be very nervous...
missed getting my 'twilight' jacket @ modcloth! man i wish i didn't have long monkey arms and could of gotten the l instead!!
i hope you feel better soon
just fed three very hungry stray kitties three cans or tuna. i hope they stay warm and safe tonight
i knooow  its the pizza girl episode xd <3
morning!! how is everyone
_fred6 it's really cool! no, i'm on a pc now, i don't have a mac  well i do but it's ooooooooold  i do have an iphone tho
happy mother's day ~ did you watch snl?  if not u missed a hoot with jimmy fallon
is tired! and is gonna go to bed now!
tv time  see yall later! xoxo
came from greenbelt & power
_ken that sucks  if only i was there to hang out.
got any tips for a mum of a 14 yr old with cfs who can't sleep at night. he falls asleep about 4a.m. till midday or so
i'm sorry! lol i have never had, like, actual time to spend there unfortunately. everything's always been insane when i go
wweeeeooo! snl soon
awesome! maybe someday i'll find a book of yours on the bestsellers list? lol
you can't spell #melo without e m and o...  <3 to my favorite blogging site.
home from whitney's. no sleep. church in a bit. dangggg....i'm tired. but it was worth it
mount dishes have been conquered. dish land is ours
google ... show me apples ... i only want to see images with green in them: [URL] cool
re: the job ... still waiting my friend. thanks for asking  * i just need a little ... ;) * ? [URL]
-- 5/31 marks the end of our roommate era. and you never made wontons for me again.
i so wish i could go to your blogging bootcamp in knoxville this coming week! i'm so close but yet so far.
tom, i saw again a guy who looks like you in my campus today. he's sooo adorable... :') but you're still cuter than him. haha..
_  it's on again right now!! aah i love demi lovato
getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun
high & dry goin to have an ice cream now with my best friend.
someone just **** up birthday **** for me ...  he basically said the song is about a **** being selfish ... listen to the song carefully
if you save these pix from the today show please credit www.wireimage.com thanks
oooooooooo   but you just said you were dancin at home.  so doesn't that count?
wished i watched jon & kate plus 8 on monday
that's more than ok. personally i'm very good in doing nothing
enjoy nola definitely one of my favorite cities in the world. please have a beignet with chocolate for me
lmao i get that alot  haha
link !
fuzzball is more fun than mother's day  [URL]
i am doing the same  i want to travel a little!
that pic of donnie is the one siouxsinner took last night at the launch. word has it, he's got a solo album comin' out too.
[URL] - moving is great, especially if lots of them help.
_n - me too!! i don't want to ooze while speaking either!  (why do i have lame jokes about wiping social media off my shoe? lol)
[URL] - yay! i'm a blonde again!! i feel so girly
who's going out tonight? i want to go out  ****
is still tired  due to late nights out and work and has to b up early again 2moro 4 work bad times!
i'm about to munch on some more high calorie things!  they keep my brain working
obviously not too bad
ive been wanting 2 but will be gone 4 2 mo. & have to close my shops!
i just looove my bf  u are awesoome!!!! [hannah montana the movie was amazing  best movie ever!!]  // cool [URL]
[URL] - can you paint me
i want a dog...
if you hit a car .. u should leave a note [URL]  but yea put whatever u want on the note
i've been to rome, italy. i love it there. elegance, style. very difficult to live in chicago. no elegance here. sad.
- absolutely loves it....  u r too many things!
_123 i cant sleep
blimey! you're still suffering?!!
can't you write a song without your guitar? i thought you could  look for something to do!
follow friday.. follow me coz i only have 26 followers...  (it's not 2am)
great to finally meet you last night! wish we had more time to talk. can't go to the coffee gtgs, though... day job.
hey tweeties, my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls keep her yall prayers  ...thanx
i look forward to having one very soon
haha!! someone with an axe just popped up at you scenie!! what did you do???
oh no  i hope you reach him!
nah. how it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sits next to you
good am all..: hanging out with ma dad 2day, looking for a job still..
i'm not partying tonight
i miss my boo
okay for your mom and my mom too!
nugget bit jack. i told him not to poke the poor hamster!
is getting baptized tomorrow  and is a college graduate.  busy weekend!
dont get too excited bby i hear thunder rolling in
ugh i hate queueing
friday night is my fav night of the week but now i have to go to stupid dog training classes
got the news
happy star wars day // will week
why thx! #webdu i was only at the conf on thurs
what about me  i miss you too!
i wish i could but it would cost too much to call you all the way from the uk
happy mother's day nfty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cloud croatian apartments
screen on the green started yesterday!!!ahhh! i missed it!
no clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  <emo>life's unfair</emo>
is gaining weight.  rather
believe it or not i'm a super geek
i just vacuumed my entire house three times. screw all vacuums!!
i have too much work to drink now.   but i do love afternoons in the pub.
left cali this morning...in dallas now..missing my car so much!!!
i should be finished.... but i'm not.  color drawing, here i come.
i have a yucky burn
unfortunately, i will miss girl bros. radio tonight. will be in the midst of an all night writing session
guys (    ) i know! my ability to read time telling devices failed!
chillen at gmas! soooo humid outside!
ooooh! i thought eggos were some kind of synthetic egg or egg sustitute or something. you crazy americans
_com all breaking news will be tweeted here i hope  welcome to twitter!
aww chamber callbacks... soo emotional
''have you the e-mail from miley ???? i want to write with her but i cant
lol! let's find something quickly.
did you decide it is a sprain? mine has been bothering me again, but never had it checked out
we don't feel too comfortable using it. it's not awful, but pretty icky.  scurrying to find a deal...
voting is over. since like four days ago i think  i told all my friends 2 vote for you a million times. you will win! love you
is trying to find something to do tonight
i can't believe you tweeted that. it was our special moment
nice action shot: [URL]  i miss working a pole.   __ dont you see clients everyday?  lol
haha...it the booomb
just woke up and feels so **** lazy  time to work out damnit!
mothers day gift
i loves me some jeff lynne, and i do enjoy sitar work, but that was kinda weird. to each his own, i s'pose!
gonna run to the gym to get my workout in before my really f'kin big pile of mulch arrives at around 8 or 9am! i'm excited about my mulch
idkk if il get to see it again
or _ohh i think one of you should give a ride! please?
is so  just made a card 4 my mom!!   can't wait to see the smile on her face when she see's it!!
gonna be in bed soon as friday's over soon,   would like to plug in!!
just finished watching my copy of the twilight dvd. ganda ng mga deleted and extended scenes.  [URL]
tell him where...
ohhh i remember when you gave your dad a shoutout at the mcr at msg show last year. that was so sweet
oh suuuuuuuure...rub it in why don't ya!!!!!!!!! lol enjoy!
picat 21
doctors appt
oh no! you poor thing  you must have booked the tickets before you realised it was pat kenny's last night, gutted for you....
apparently a looong time seeing as they seem to be everywhere except la
the priests were really good. guess they wouldn't be welcome on late late at the moment
who knows  it makes me sad  lol
off work in half an hour. getting an mri after that. yay me
happy mother's day !
my stomach hurts so bad
gonna get off to try and catch some z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!
going out with my tita gi, sister and my beloved lola! were going to treat her for dinner! wohoo... so excited and hungry...
soaked in the rain in 30 seconds and i wasn't even hiking 8.4 miles with 2.5 miles in the rain like last weekend.
i certainly know the feeling. wesley is sleeping and i want to go get something to eat but i only have $4.38 in my account
i don't watch - just wish - tv's been off for months- i love it  guess i won't win though lol
hes back!!!!! oh noes!!!! have you missed me?  work has been insane and the band has really taken off so i haven't had a moment to myself
aw its okay tht happened wid me too..am so glad thts over now!am not helpin here am i?!?lol thnx for postin wmiad  loved it
come back for another year  pllleeeaaasse
this year
just spent more than 45 minutes looking at the aud
what's for dinner?
feel better soon! your immune system must be away on holiday somewhere... probably with mine
aww i feel so bad for holly
darn all of you! i wish i could watch bgt now, but if i did i wouldn't be able to fast forward through the ads  + dinners very soon..
i don't know! she never answered me
[URL] - bwahahahahahahaha nice!  i want a doggy
going to bed. hung out w. aaron and robin then took aaron to sunnys.
:  i've been!
well, up and into the third day of virgin 1's captain's log star trek weekend
got 38 followers now!
no problem. i'm just sharing the whole list to you.
its so nice i ahd to work today
listening to some brandy...never say never cd
1. i dont  2. lmfao i wonder.
gprof problem on mac  why ??
yeah although probably not on bgt  bugger
reinstalled ubuntu on my laptop, this time using ext4; the new filesystem. system boot time, from grub to full operability: 30 seconds
granted, it won't do that, either
i love you too! i'm kinds reading. but you can call if you'd like
@ ryanseacrest : hi there might be a problem as it says no stream online, wat's not right?
idiotat)milanq heyy. th*nks for the follow.  have a good night. (frank_whyte) #idiot
ouch i have a headache. but i am in a ridiculously good mood
on my way too school. be back later...
i need a freaking adventure.
samee well i aint a man i am a girl obv nd i am 14 lol   i aint no1 special or not famous or rich  wish to be tho ****
i was watching harpers island, lol... there was no vodka involved
what happened?  are you suffering from neck/shoulder/back pain like me?  i can't move either
stop itt!
from last montday's award ceremony  [URL]
love the stuff he sell... you should help this guy with his logo and shop  it's kinda wordart
well its hot as heck right now
a long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. have to write responses to eoi; doing a colleagues job
yaay! i was supposed to go, but i missed it
sometimes i wish twitter had facebook's 'like' just so i could give you a thumbs up. great job either way  - i suck too btw
why cant i find it!!!
yay .. sherbert and chocolate ... very nutritious
sorry you didn't make it  good luck next time though!
i got excited when i saw a bag in the place cookies usually live (when i get them). unfortunately it was just my new prescription
_milano good morning alyssa!! hope u have a great wonderful day today   im happy cuz today is my last day of classes!! yay!!
good choice
such a beautiful day. i just wish i had the energy to enjoy it.
here, have fun with this: [URL]
ohhh wowwww no good
i don't even remember what's on there!!!
making banana bread
today was good  , that little girl hollie in bgt , just me or complete sympahty vote  ! how cute is aidan davis :l? tweet me  x
later i went up to monroe and worked out with friends - trx, ropes and kbs!!   30sec on/30 off..rope swings & c&ps, windmills, wve aquats
i'm like so upset with you.. haha.. you never told me the 411..
have i ever told you i absolutly hate writing emails, status pdates are fine but emails have so much...finality...to them
yes, yes .... nap or read gossipy mag if you have one handy
_kay2 welcome to twitter babes! i know what you mean...still trying to figure this out
two months ago, i became worthless.
twitter's being lame and won't post my twitpic of gucci and i
i wish you still loved me
at least you made it
the only thing is i'm not a chocolate fan  but the thought was yhere
my power went out as well.. except i'm in nor cal
is watching movies
just got back from danas. watching roseanne before i start to get ready for work
the young lady in the local chinese taking orders is, it has to be said, very cute indeed. pity i'm probably twice her age
my youth group was there! i would have liked 2 go, but i couldn't afford it, & i had a drama performance/party...  luv ya tho!
poor you   if i was with you right now; i would probably give you a hug ;d
haha! maybe i should try that. the insomnia is kickin' my butt
_aston still looking  i filled out quite a few applications last week and once i get home i'll continue.
just saw an advert for attics to eden on tv  out today and only ï¿½9.99 from hmv...so i'm not sure why i had to pay ï¿½13 at hmv...never mind
[URL] - please let me freee... i can't watch you **** for much loongerrr!
shopping! migawd. i don't want to surf the net anymore.
happy mothers day to all the mommys.
'ss back to the gym project. finally finished ... **** filthy hobo's always trying to eat my taco's.  !!   </3
no u guys!  said california in an angry tweet to perez hilton! jonathan was so upset he spelled california wrong
is liking this feeling
painting is hard work. very tired. but satisfying to see god's house getting prettier.  and i like the yellow of tim's room.
going to the cinema to see ghost of girlfriends past!
_donut ah good deal, hope you find some new music
had a very good day and is now going to get into bed!
think 2 to start off with but a house that can fit 4 - or we may go the whole hog and get 4.... not sure yet
unfortunetly no  i wish, i mean sometimes like twice a yr they'll have a party, but not always
off home ill from work. this man flu is hell
haha i see im so bored rite now.. it seems like everyone is headin to vegas this weekend
_blehh where i do not see you steff  what time are you on it ?.
_3girls louise !! you r not adopted - ballet it is. you'll love it and then the cocktails after even more!
kayyy xd yeah, everyone always talks about the part where the dog dies  i need to find a movie that you haven't seen now xd
i'm calling your room-mate!!!
looking for desktop twitter app that will actually let you access urls, any suggestions? i liked twittle but no linking
kinda meant mother. im giving props to  for taking us
just got out of the pool!!   so fun..now gonna watch tv and do stuff on the computer. (:
had an eventful weekend and nice week off, looking forward to a final chill out day
wooow, i haven't charged my ipod touch all day today, and it's still alive! that's so coolio
oh top gear (uk), how i love thee
i think i'm gonna try to go vegetarian again....and no soda and majorly cutback on beer...too many carbs....but its so yummyyy
the japanese exchange student is the cutest thing i've ever seen. seriously haha i want to put her in my pocket&keep her d:
glad to hear the weather's nice.  it's rained just about every day for the last five days.  not fun for exploring
thanx for the bday wishes ray
i soo wanna eat mcdonalds fries
killed a pigeon today  thought it was going to move out the way of the car.. next thing i know, bang feathers in the rear view mirror rip
yea but that's an old pic,  she looks a lot different now...she turned into such a beautiful women   i miss her a lot!
haha! i can't a good vid of it on tubey,you thugh
just threw up
ha.. i look at twitter games as harmless fun. despite being author of twitter book, i try to talk about other stuff
mr amp over heated
someone's horsing about. btw hubb feels the same about twitter. he's naming  as the other party
that's cuz you're cruising the twitter #nightshift now
- aww, yeah, dear nicky  .
courtney seems like a cool chick & shes pretty
had a wonderful evening with those i love!
lmoa! i just quit one of mine, too much stress
so, i'm at the point now that it has become apparent that having a degree means jack ****.
too late!  already finished the chapter and posted it!
just found out i won't be tweeting from ,my phone in scotland, different networks    i was going to upload photos to twitpic, sorry
stu lantz is awesome! i miss chick hearn tho
so sad emma  u sad to be leaving the show? ****
i bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could
in 7-11  w/o you
well, so are you  but i managed to go to sleep for another couple of hours and wake up again while you're still snoozing
_uk i'll hopefully get a chance to play it tomorrow. hope it's good otherwise i've wasted so many points
mary, are you not receiving my texts????
today was interesting...
i have a crush on someone!
wow, there's still the void of whre thomas left  the heartache is never going to go away
hey you weirdo! haha jk! i love you!
says finally, im home.  [URL]
happy! did crepe, again!
going to church in the morning...happy mommas day almost
thinks tonight couldn't have gone more perfect.
thanks for the mascara input. it's appreciated.
twitter is slow!
getting ready for my first day at my new job
you know you lvoe me!
happy sammy is going 2 here 2morrow!! but unfortunatly i'm not gone be able 2 go 2 the club he performing @
home after a while out! i feel like a long skate seshion but got arrands to do
this is a much better tool than some i have come across [URL] - twitter karma on steroids
yep and its freezing, i hate winter  im literally wearing blackets
#vwll2009 would one of the vwllers want to add this event to our ning?   [URL]  would much appreciate that
_rose *hugs* thanks. i don't know how i'm going to fix this if i'm ever going to get my account back.
sleep. work tomorrow.
its cloudy outside
safe flight home to you and jade   ****
you stop it
thanks al...i had a freakin ball!! great company, awesome venues....what more could a girl want?  love ya!!
i figured you'd be bouncing about it
glad to see  and more red bull air racers here keeping us in the loop
think i have sunstroke.
just got refused a bottle of morgan's in tesco despite saying helen could verify my age...  shocking... just left all the shopping! x
bottle of reisling this time... my favorite!
haha that's way cool! good morning
please remember you need a helmet for the bike asap, talk to you later ok hope your head not to bad
i still have them!! yay! gonna eat some now
oh silence verona!  i am wanting to go   jaja, enjoyyitverymuch and bring me phothos of danny and dougie ?
wolverine was much fun, but gambit was a bit disappointing.  neither smooth nor cajun enough for my taste. pretty though
my friday made me miss high school
all tubes closed on 9th and 10th of june  any idea of how to get to the venue?
after france i was gonna spend more time in the sun, to overcome my negative reaction to it. yep, in netherlands. good luck to me
im moving to canada
really really wants to go and see coraline.
just got home from the bea & it was kinda boring (2 me) this year  but hung out with some great authors & co-workers!
_g my day just hasnt been the same without ur running conversation all day
in science class right now... urgh... stupid project.. don't wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me
i wish you were in my class last year
so true...and so poetic! beautiful
why do i even try... when deep down inside i kno there pain on the other side
hey pinky i ordered some stuff from that site you gave me. i got it yesterday in the mail so pretty  thanks
'we did it we did it oh yea yea yea no eating here tonite woo eating here tonight no no no eating here tonite you on a diet' finding nemo
ish okay my loveee
he calls me bella
my blackberry is soon approaching her death
i would but you're too far away
idk yet!!! _gyrl i wanna go soon tho...but i want more tweeps to be there
plan, successful?
wow. so i hate staples right now. majorly. thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity
stoppped following ama, i really need a clean break... on another note, kate is being super nice right now  off to work
happy mother's day to all mum's in america
my cousins moved there like 2 years ago and i miss them so much. i was just looking at their facebook and now im sad
is wondering what happened to the sun? **** may grey!
i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over
i've heard of disgruntled investors, but calling you a 'hoe'? that seems totally out of line
i can't believe tour is almost over
aaaah, the same old same, i see ^^ we share a mutual fate, my friend :*
mmmmmm.... coffee...
at least they ( kids) havnt gotten to big to still say mommy ilove you. awww they are so sweet. i am so lucky to have my kids.
really good night
back from cycling 20 miles on virtually traffic free roads,the sun almost shining,new pb great start to the day
hi all!!  i have 2 daughters.. and my youngest turns 2 on monday.. where did the time go??  sniffle sniffle sob. sob.
i would never do such a thing!  the only thing more awesomerer is the 15 minute walk to work
where is my bestie when i need him
i am beginning to think sun blcok is a haox.
i get it.  you esplained it to me awhile ago.
wanted to get that piercing too but thought it would be distracting to others when i was giving presentations. u think?
staying in, hve june exams 4 docent training class ,need to study  , we hvng zombie movie sunday aftrn, u both shld come over!
yes! i love him. i have seen the eps so many time that i quote his lines with him.
ps brian just announced his message title, 'what is in you will flow from you' my friend replied 'cheescake??' ha!
yup, sometimes kc it's raining here in pque but in las pinas it's not. so just wondering.
i am glad cos u wouldnt lose me as a fan anyway  i get to see you guys on saturday evening at leicester  it better be good!
is having carbonara for dinner made by my mum mom
but that is the only logical reason why you'd get hollered at 3x in the past hour. but what is dnw?
haha malamang as one of my chef.
did you find the colossus yet?
happy all my studying and all nighters payed off
so much for a day off- i've been on my feet, all over the place, all day!
it's beeen onee year
_mayer i'd like to see a picture of you, carl and john where everyone can read from your faces you're proud of and you love eachother
simple greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten our mood, doesn'**** ever happen to you?
i wanna leave work already! not feelin it 2day
my camera is brokennn
i really wish someone would make a groupchat theme for adium suited for irc. ymous has way too low contrast.
good as, cya in melbourne
scream just played on my ipod. first thing that comes to mind, bear machineeeee!!!! lol
again thanks to my dear neighboor who also gave me coffee when i needed it. she is the best
just back from bingo w/family -- i won over $1100! fun night
like drew said 'give tc a chance' we will miss thomas  but have to move on. so watch this! [URL]
rec game....trying not to cry...the pain is to much..i need him...can't lose him </3...my heart is breakingg
sure. i'll try n keep that up! =p you enjoy studying. cya!
naw.. it was pretty tame. only 1 guy in costume.. a voyager-style 'medical' uni. disappointed there weren't any more in costume.
morning twit-friends! welcome to my new followers
few grilled mushrooms and olives, feta cheese and coffee for breakfast.. should i try to sleep now..?
94 more days till bh comes back to la
lol i know  and haha..did you fall asleep?? or just get bored of shaun :p joke
i'm defying gravity. and nobody in alll of oz, no wizard that there is or was, is ever gonna bring me down
[URL] - wanted to visit the animals but we were too late
in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!
so i get up early and i feel good about the day. i walk to work and i'm feeling alright. but guess what... i don't work today.
enjoy ur night
wish we could come see u on denver  husband lost his job and can't afford it
i've wondered about rake to.  the client has made it clear .net only, don't force devs to learn a new lang  #agile #ccnet
yay good for both of you. enjoy the break - you probably need it after such hectic weekend  take care hun xxxx
but it was worth it  ****.
all this flirting going on - the atg smiles. yay.  ((hugs))
last session of the day  [URL]
shanghai is also really exciting (precisely -- skyscrapers galore). good tweeps in china:  (sh)  (bj).
recession hit veronique branquinho, she has to quit her company, such a shame!
happy bday!
[URL] - i like it!!
that's great!! weee!! visitors!
i think everyone hates me on here   lol
soooooo wish i could, but im in school and myspace is completely blocked
and within a short time of the last clue all of them
what did you get?  my day is alright.. haven't done anything yet. leaving soon to my stepsister though!
my bike was put on hold...should have known that.... argh total bummer
i checked.  we didn't win
.. and you're on twitter! did the tavern bore you that much?
i'm in va for the weekend, my youngest son turns 2 tomorrow......it makes me kinda sad, he is getting so big, check out my twipics
its coming out the socket  i feel like my phones hole is not a virgin. that's how loose it is... :'(
so hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week
miss you
cramps . . .
you guys didn't say hi or answer my questions yesterday  but nice songs.
i'm going into a spiritual stagnentation, its exploding my ego!. i now realise, i'm not all that great. and i'm ok with that.
stupid storm. no river for us tonight
my dead grandpa pays more attention to me than you do
... need retail therapy, bad. ahhh.....gimme money geebus
about to go to sleep
you are lame  go make me breakfast!!
thats so cool
hey peoples, dont you just hate being grounded haha, im just sat eating an apple and watching death note (some anime)
huh, another scarepoint coding sunday
look who i found just for you  --->  [URL]
no ac, the fan doesnt swing our way ... we are sweating it out on a hot humid day
guess that depends on if you want to be on the jury
resorted to eating mickey ds alone.
there is a faux gothy chick looking at me, sorry i am not going to camden and i like pop-punk and jimmy eat world
did he ask for your twitter id? your sun sign?
where'd you go!
watching body of lies...good film
happy mothers day mumm  xoxo
so i really need to put the laptop down & start getting ready for  shindig...but i've missed my twitterloves all day
i'm sorry  at least it's friday?
feels sorry every time i'm printing out, i use like 200 new papers
4n? ma rog  never heard of it  esti beat acum? u tweet too much
i always forget something when i travel. i am at newark airport.
should have left car and walked home! i might need someone to rescue me with petrol! light flashing
i'm only updating this so that brett's phone beeps  but really.. looking at wedding stuff. again.for the next five months.
hi there.  i agree!  small children should be running about happy, not breaking down in tears
hope ur havin fun in da club
i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
thinks sg is wonderful
im really sorry i know wallah how u feel this life is shittttttttt
not happy
is watching acoustic performances! & in the mood for a good 'friends' episode! i miss that show
i'll oscillate from one to the other.
i'm so very tired...and have insomnia.
thanks ennio
you should totally come get me and bring me to kelslaws house with you.
you seem nice, you're generous and you know your stuff
u so dirrrrrty... why oh why did i pick the hawks  i figured i needed a longshot and they were a better bet than car
almost got a kitty yesterday...but it didn't work out
reality needs to check in. schools over. time to party  not tonight tho, im going to bed. night, night.
caladesi was definitely a nice peaceful way to spend a sunday! i got a lil tan!
i still dont know what we would do though
_xo   dang it, so its not certain ? ? ? are you okay?
change of plans. i am staying in brandon.  no papaya salad for me.
dear rain, you suck. now i gotta change my plans for tonight
at starbucks with my love. eff school. i have work later too.
i just cried whilst watching hollyoaks  .. i need a life! lol
hi all, just recovering from a party, looking forward to an exciting bank holiday around the diy shops...life cant get much better.surely
terminator salvation... by myself.
for...the...loss. dumbface  ...him, not u. what u up to on the wknd? i wanna seeeeeee ya!
why do i have to enter my registration details every time i update?
on the monday, so i wont be able to be with you!  i love you
ur so cute..i'm a fan of dream a little dream, this kiss and appearances like in dawson's creek  make more flicks!
tgif is right...i think i broke my toe last night - on my bad foot.
oherr it's soon then, do you have plans? i had a party on saturday  x
_lamont yr very young looking dude
: hmmm, wrong link, ignore my tweet
at&t cheated the system and now i have no green day tickets  **** you at&t!
tracy and berwick breaks my achy breaky heart  they split ways in the hallways.
yep, i wish they were all playing dubiln
im a lady and ladies don't move couches. they direct where the couches go
yay for block party!  you're the bomb! blockheads <3 dave!   thanks for supporting nkotb!
26th february
guess what? mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) his name is corky
happy birthday snickers!!!! ? i hope you have the best day ever! let's go shopping!!!
thank you!  i'm working on 's
lol man i got 2 1 /2 hrs an iont how i woulda made it wit out my ramen noodles and t.v. time
not feeling all that well today
[URL] - my ear hurts, and this is my medicine. gum
_berland lmao i know i know
gnight shar   <(' '<)vega(>' ')>
the underwire in my bra is sticking out and poking me in the armpit
happy mothers day!!!
yes, i am
i can't call mitch!  im from sweden!
happy star wars day! may the fourth be with you
was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet
i just watched marley & me...i cried so hard!
take antibacterial to school to clean your hands when you cant go the loos
i'm leaving work now. trying to decide if i return on sunday afternoon or monday 4 am to meet a noon (uk time) deadline.
haaaw..well i get out of class at 10:50..i hope i make it
oooh, sunshine! a patch of sunshine! and it will be gone by the time i leave work and replaced with rain.  /vent
skype call with billie but my webcam dont work
just had a great study time followed by a delicious japanese meal with arty! now, trying to get back into the study mood
fml not having a car is prohibiting finding a job
lol since i got twitter a little while ago, it seems like loads of people setting up an account
i want to see david cook!!
yeh me 2
learning tat the scenic way  din plan to go town but somehow was herded there?
i don't want to do anything specific, i just want to see you and puppy!
yeah i need his fricken cell number ive tried his home for months and hes too busy. i miss braddddddddd
toy story 3 trailer premiered with up. i need my computer back.
ughh on the phone with hp!
and- hand made by dan & jenn -sock blockers ... made from exotic woods ... one of which is called 'purple heart'
yay about breaking 200!
bahah sadly i am not
i always have those for my champions league parties  tis awesome
well, not all. just stay away from those kinds and surround yourself with those who don't. happy mother's day to ur mom, treiz!
_adel they didn't reply yet.. wait till they confirm.. in case somebody might have translated it already..
thats rough. hubby had knee surgery but it did help him in the end. let us know the results. we'll keep him in our prayers
might have to go back much earlier than expected. bye bye bay area
playin city of villains, wishin my buddies were playin with me.....
yep - three things: a good haircut, the ability to listen and the value of not taking yourself too seriously
riley hacked my twitter!  hahaha :]
big sad face   bing doesn't work on iphone.  it just takes you to the regular mobile live search.
i liked it.  did you record it yourself?  if so you have a very soothing voice.
man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :o
folks thought it was hilarious when i told them the story, and then they saw the shirt i wore tonight.  laughter all night.
you're the absoute best
oh my god!!! i cried so much!!! watch this guys from bgt  [URL]
my near daily exercise is starting to show results.
welcome!
bout to hit pmark then make one of my final meals wit the housemates..
: you get to go home and i have to go to work
voted for  on cmt.com
just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet
now i have a sunburn
i have the job  this is a nice day it can not be better
i wish i could go to #bea this weekend.
i <3 rupert grint......& of the boy, ive accepted tht i do fancy him  but im certain he doesnt feel the same so its not worth telling him
love your books
ok so this eye doctor guy is taking forever and i'm sitting in a cold room by myself...what? a jerk!
im slowing on my tweets..cuase i lost my phone
well thank your phone for me.
why would they take a photo with stuffed animals?! that's pretty funny
tweetdeck is acting really strange! hum........ reinstall maybe. update on the horizon? or is it just another adobe memory leak
tikcets are only ï¿½91...each...but i so want to go
happy mothers day
it's gonna be hot here today too. today is ryan's last day of pre-k. i can't believe it!  i've been a sahm since i had him!
is dreaming of the weekend... awake!
oh, **** me. i've just returned from the supermarket of doom to find that i have nothing to drink here.
yay but you missed naptime
d-group saturday's, with a little bit of football, an hour nap, 3 hours of soccer, basketball in the tsu and yogurtland... life's good
just set up a new computer again. 15min. i love norton ghost.
ahhh my mommie got me new sheets for my bed  so comfy
_celeste  finally some sleep in silence
im just up :-| and its 12:43 :o  im so lazy thank god its a bank holiday
is pretty dang tired. but chambers class is for napping.
i have to poop...   is hogging the shitter
yes! im down to 50% full on my dvr  i was at 98% like 3 days ago... lol i swear if i didnt have a dvr i would never watch tv
happy muthath's day to all moms!!! i salute you!
hahaha! alright  ..
aren't you suppossed to support the local economy ... lol ... good for you and congrats
good to know   thanks
what are you? flavor of the day?
weathers let me down this morning...ugh!...hada gd nite tho!
just listened to condre scr and got an invitation to watch their live concert on june 20th in munich [URL]  #postrock
e.l.o.  wow, brings back so many happy memories.  love this band!..and yes, i know i'm showing my age but i don't care
that's a very cute picture ... but you don't get fat from licking bbqs ... he must have found some chops on someone else's ...
oh i love sunday mornings like this - mum just made scrambled eggs on toast
hate working when its sunny,boohoo
is online  [URL]
bundy. in 3 days.!!!! warm weather here i come!
wondering if i cld make things any worse than they already are... answer.. just did!!!
a dutch marketing agency is asking job applicants to apply in 140 characters or less  [URL]
twitter has spoiled all the fun. frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
_chick haha. i completely agree
if we don't pack, she can't leave, right?
****  lol....where u headed to?
going to bed after a great night with a friend  glad to know she has the same feelings about classes as someone else
many! mine included. ahem. shld have known better back then, wldn't have missed so many opportunities haha
it's nice to leave the office when the sun is still up
i will miss the soccer moms
between the garlic pills, the spider bite between your toe (lol-classic) and you always being hungry. u are killing me 2 funny
*sighs* ah well.  maybe my second email will clear it up and get him approved.
missed all your tweets again joe, **** that time difference!!! (uk) dont 4get about your fave supporters in the uk!!!  ****
--that came to my mind. so i said it. and it has now been adapted into my family's vocabulary
looking forward to body works today
just watched yes man. bahaha. that movie is messed up
sadly i think i know exactly were you put it--in the expired drawer   those things have a life span of less than two years
too much? no, not unless one of the pillows ends up suffocating the one sleeping next to you.
meeting my best friend first thing in the morning to the gym! omg i am still so shocked. i hope you will get better soon
wow that was fast...next up soderling or ferrer. gilles simon lost
yup theory is great but the reality is beyond imagination...  i also made the same planning not knowing vs will fail on me
glad to know that the ad display problem was due to a firewall config at yr office. phew!
woot!
'i don't like monday, i wish it were sunday, cause that's my fun day.'  that was my freaking jam when i was little.   i miss it.
???    ?????? - [URL]
waiting for the last movie to finish then am test screening ghost of girlfriends past, glass of wine and lolly bag in hand, yay!
happy #starwarsday. may the 4th be with you!  from everyone _paintball
must head back to the office
st joe is dirty.
[URL] - camping at black butte lake
are you getting my messages or do you have to add me to recieve them, soz i'm new to this
i hate my life
sick to my stomach.. and i have a headache.. i wish someone could come rub my temples.
****! natalya! you gotta tell me whats going on!!! i'd call you but i lost all my phone numbers when i broke my blackberry
just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  haters!!!
crying real tears
_brown been holding onto this one for a while  [URL]
panchito's burfday party tonight... wish you were here kiddo!
back from town and my mac crashed on me  but it's better now
archie andrews what were you thinking?! veronica?
the best things in life are free  x
misses my mom today. she was my best friend and even though she has been gone several yrs i still miss her dearly. happy mother's day
i am watching blood + on veoh episode 19 love the music.wishing i could watch the live action but not old enough
that is a bummer
he is the truth! but what about maxwell? you can't forget the future father of my children!
[URL] the racoons ate our bread!
be sure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   almost mother's day.
_in_a_story glad i'm not the only one. he's our baby, and i'm terrified he'll think we're never coming back.
no launch today. teacher changed plans and we watched a stupid move about tesla
it's very pleasant. i sooo rarely just have time to kill...
thank you!! ooh i see you've read desert islands [URL] great book!
__o lol but tiz a good song
again working on the internet shop ... don't think we will achieve the goal of uploading by the previously set time   will keep going
@_anix_ i bought cheesecake ice cream last week, thinking it was good, and it sucked so much.   i'm taking yours.
what causes the frustration buddy?
_wright thank you! 'return of the mack' is the jam!
ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend.
sorry for my lack of tweets  ive been buzy. new vid this saturday!!
i do my humble best  going on a works paintball day soon so that should fuel a few strips, no doubt
going to bed  cant take thiss any longeerr maan. [u]
_morden ..be at richard's. if not then i'll see you when you/we get back  good luck!
thanks...i really do appreciate that. i know it will be the hardest thing i have ever done
spent the last hour signing yearbooks. i'll miss you guys!
and i just love every little thing about you...
my mobile has stopped recieving text messages again. stoooopid thing
hi simon, let me know when it's done
had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend
_oyler poor little woman with her smushed in head
is fixin to clean the house for my mom for mother's day
why do you think people say, 'save the drama fo yo mama?' i'm sure even yo mama wouldn't wanna listen to ur drama. ode to mother's day!
hey! that's my school! i hate that place.
i did i only got 3 stars on the pre wash then failed the rince
my sister in law just left for her prom!! she looked soo pretty.. tears all around
follow me too
bought three books!! yipee!!  now who's with me on that read-ten-books-during-the-summer thing?
i'm really bored! my brother went to get his permit! stay off the roads! jk lol! it feels like all my friends have abandoned me! except 1
, goodnight
_the_moon hiya hun! it's just not my day. dentist appointment (ouch!),notebook being a ****. feeling sick  how's you?
but i do emily ahahha you scare me, so it would work
now i need to change my monitor
i know dude, i'm doing re-runs, making jenny watch them now too so we can have conversations lol.  haven't been online much
what about me ??  i vote every day for you !!!!!
should not have waled past the quad! i want to be outside having fun.
just rocked home from maccas, and now signing a petition for big bang to tour aus  lol
i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good
eagerly anticipating twitpics
lots of tasks to complete today. first, wecloming new members to canadamigos social networking site, www.canadamigos.com, and coffee
just wants to stay in bed all day but has to go to work instead  sux
chillen trying to figure this thing out gettin drunk
yay doctors  now interview then back 2 the doctor's for blood work
filming at a carnival for my music video... it reminds me of the cherry festival that i used to go to back home... ahhh memories...
i'm siiiiiickkk  i dun feel good!!
propellerheads has been on my harddrive for a long while. just got my music repo back in shape this we and felt nostalgic
glorious sunny day in london town.. i'm in drama school fighting people with swords while protecting my romantically structured face
_89 i feel so sorry for her  hope she dnt cry 2nd time
would wish the severe migrains would stop!!! doc's prescriptions arent working
09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true;)<3 in addition,gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!!
my life would suck without you - kelly clarkson
revising for exams
you should so host the next logies, i only laughed at your bit really
hi jordan i'm gonna all of u...i know ur busy and i know ur probably tired. but please reschedule nc. don't leave us out.
__joy i feel like red lea now
i'd love to but i think the trek from london would be a bit too much
hey hey
thinks revising in the garden from 8 this morning without sunscreen isnt the best idea ive had  oucccccccch
is miserable  i feel like im gona cry  sux!
i know they are delicious.miss germany but like holland as well as we used to shoppin there at weekends.lol
lol, very true. maybe next year. i loooved that siggy, and i don't remember what the password for the mod thing was  cake?
lol, get watching it again  hehe
hope you did great - you certainly spent enough time studying.
btw - downloaded iphone 3.0 sdk
straighening my hair and its not going as straight as i want it to be what a  bummerrr for me
i need botox work on the lips if i'm going to change my name to angelina jolie, but it's a thought! sad though about the racism
me? a doctor? *laughs* oh, no, no, no. i was _crane's patient at arkham aslyum, but now i work for him
morning all! have a great day! off to school i go
now, in a weird mood  muahaz
congrats! photo of dre?
#sanctuarysunday  thanks for joining on #sanctuarysunday, follow more sanctuary people to keep up to date on the tweets!
done at disneyland, kid's knocked out, stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose & tonic on the way up...peace
ok. lol. i miss you too. i hope your cramps get better. i know how painful they can be.
oh, and a very good review
_mileycyrus it wont let me do it twitter keeps saying over twitter capacity or something that bird keeps coming up.
i'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing i have in my house is soup...  i don't like soup... *pouts*
its hilarious
i love the guy that was standing behind me
bout to hit the sack...got **** to do tomorrow. happy mothers day mom!
lost my dc hat ..
starting the video editing of the first spanking movie we did with mina ... it will be added to the next update
in effect, your podcast is the audio version of your book. isn'****? (plus, it has the added charm of banter  )
sunny synday morning. nicole is up later than usual, mommy got some sleep
browsing  find everything about university & interior design.
i have not tweeted for sixteen days! i miss it =( i've been having fun though! =d ingrid on mon was frakking awesome  bbq today!
visit si fr joemar dito bataan (frm camiguin) & sum of my ofcmates& i are supposed to meet him this saturday  can't luwas
i am soo excited about your pasadena seminar...if only i can find the confermation email
ugh i don't feel well again all of a sudden
i want a new phone  i've seen too much cellphone commercials (
we'll test that theory  with no right arm to strum with.  got a feelin i'll be humming my new tunes for a while
[URL] - that's so cool.
school. 39 days !!! so exited. amazing premier
tis very useful indeed esp. for newbies like me!
gonna go and see my sister at mount sinai ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
it was just the handle tg
backe backe... muffins!!!
is relaxing after working on mothers day.  oh well. a good day had.  hope you are all well
lasttt mondayyy of classs
yup!  now i can join in on the nin access fun!
i just walked into work, all the while thinking that i was sitting in bellagio this time wednesday.
unfair  i wanna go too.
download movie  'a good day to be black &#38 sexy' [URL] cool #movie
jus got back from a run up sunset blvd! my cuzin tried to kill me my legs are still movin and i'm sittin down!!
aww, that's sad.  i miss seeing you guys on the big screen.
i knooww  & my hot water bottle iss in whangamata without me. ahhhhh
eeeeep so jealous ;) i'm at work  um, how can u receive viva? do they broadcast it online? :plz:
thank you so much phaoloo !!!!
the hotel should be thankful
watching gh. i feel so bad for carly.  omg, so **** up.
rofl that's what we like to hear
ok i'm frustrated, there is hella dust between the screens of my blackberry
is anyone awake?!?!?!?! oh my god i am dying here. i want to go to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep. :[
we do! its been to long! i think i have next weekend open. when are you going to have the house warming party
change of plans, working inside bar tonight
thanks for following
well, good luck then.
at work getting a quick bite to eat before having to kill my wrist self addressing 500 envolopes
arghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these twitterbones peeps
undervote is just going on  i'm all overalled up
making german apple slice  nom nom nom
looks like its another night at the office lol
my tummy hurts
got about 2 hours sleep.
anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook?
lol..2 people in falcon..and boo one of them being becca
i really need to earn money... so that i can watch the pcd concert
the poor pirate had out his last wisdom tooth and is looking really peaky.
mozzer cancelled tonight by the looks of it.
waiting for aaron to get into town, and then leave him for work. booo
morning tweat tweat twitter
headed home ... charlie's at the vet
i wanna b maliks from taking the stage
is going to bed soon. happy mothers day to all the mothers  <333 ryan less than 3 weeks :]
bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair
well even with her breakdown she was better than the other acts unfortunately! britain's got very little talent
about to go to leeds shopping
sadly, i can't view that site due to region restrictions
it's 20:50 hs and i'm still at the office...really tired,wanna go home!
aly & aj new album this summer. yay!
_day26 ~ awwwww have fun with the fam boo boo
@ lovelytrinkets i like the way you worded that about rocky road
mexican coca cola in a bottle. new favorite thing.  no high fructose corn syrup....  sugar is so awesomely old school.
got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and dont waste my parents money.  nt fair.
i have nothing witty to say
me too.
hi ho  hi ho it's off to work we go
thanks for the hint.  [URL]
u welcome babe, kill the show! yuuupp!
hey, candis.
i was never a good stereotypical teen
i love my maitu. n she loves me. happy mothers day mama!
i am so sorry
i want to go to singapore but my mother seems not
jb on the front of factor x!!!!! wooh contest timeee
so u aren't going to be in chicago
i have problems wih pizza..ii love it too much..i'm so addicted to pizza  and dot dot curve. >
so tired.
had a lovely breakfast with mum...yummy pancakes
yay! have fun
why thank you... us mami's are bringin' sexy back...
lucky! that's awesome
oh god, a moth was living in a **** power outlet!  (actually, my powersquid.)
i am craving burrito boys - large halibut, with everything on it, no jalepenos, 1 line hot sauce. can anybody hook me up?
oh is that time for real?
so now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  even worse mom and pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.
i love  very much  i called him, but he was talking to other fans  i love you a lot mitchel! i'll see u in el cajon. june 7
i misses my bed  so sleepy!
woo! two days till awesome gig, one day till uni is finished for 12 days  #gigs #3yp
no tv and no internet make catherine something something?
anyone have some advice??? i need it!!
just found mj mouse flats at djs. of course there are none left in my size
i'm dreading hearing even worse news tonight
so now that i have a whole 20 followers, 5 of them actual people, i don't know what to write in here anymore
haappy bank holiday  2 weeeeks. aah!
i thought  was against licensing stores bc it takes away from the experience they want to provide
_a_michael it doesn't look like you're tired in the pic.  don't work too hard.
so i slept in a little...well a lot. whooops
says my new layout is so cute x) see the cuties ? hahahah  [URL]
good night, rob. sleep well. safe travels tomorrow!
i know i suck.  my data plan is weak sauce.
well i will be making beds, creating noise & cleaning cleaning all day long.  with music & a smile  x
bit of new scientist, this weeks an last weeks, and watership down
dear oh dear.....
my monday running so fast!
playing at my old school playground still the same except them lame **** got rid of the tire swing
happy mommah's day to your moms  [URL]
_cal work or...(hehe mind in the gutter)! i'm sittin here doin this student loan thing.
lol - i could have written that - would be good to have 2 mondays this week, then i might catch up x
you're surrounded by them! i have no official nieces/nephews yet
cant wait for dte in michigan this summer you guys are great look for me in the customized nkotb track jacket
nope i have a fifth generation ipod classic  it likes to be dumb
meetings are overrated.
i love the smell of procrastination in the morning... oder so.
i considered being a nurse when i was younger but i really don't think i could cope if a baby died
i know.  i am definitely going to try and see up this weekend.
nice!!!!!!!! i will be there
oh no!!!! i must be gettin old!!!! my mom use to watch this show....i miss her
lol that just totally made me laugh, which made my day
tonight was fun
this creepy guy when i was walking the dog  i've had my fill of creepers for the day
good morning!  just took the longest shower ive ever taken in my life. like 45 to 50 min shower!! woah. lol
is on facebook
i get to drive my dad to the airport so he can fly to vegas for the wsop... i wanna go to vegas...
franco made breakfast for mom. here he's trying to cut the strawberries (only safe knife  #fb [URL]
[URL] better in person had to send u this, i feel like mouse from 'the american tail' . over in ri!
allergies  sun is out, wearing shorts.  stuck with my advisory the whole day.... this should be boring. except fun. if people make it fun?
thank you! you should know that i am both happy and sad (all at the same time) to know that. you've got 'the right stuff'
_merchant i agree, but teenage daughter will be spending my money on the movie of their concert this week.
someone out there will soon  be the lucky recipient of my 5000th tweet. oh wait. ****. this was it!
good  morning! just went to bed it feels and already morning...goes fast! now i am going to the gym soon. have a nice day!
one of our governors is one of the directors of the company
no internet for a week or longer
jesus christ meadowhall could do with better air con! too hot
is listening to p!nk tunage and trying to teach my cat to dance to it... i think she's getting it we can be backing dancers by next tour
i sure she can
getting ready for work and the sun is shining, plus it's the w/e! bgt tonight..... what am i gonna do after it's finished?!
this aztec mask is harder then i thought! but u kno what, i think i did a pretty good job for not being an artist
listenin to some old school new found glory. hedro, gimi a high school band i can down load. besides home grown....
kelly kelly pays your bills @ 12:15, kaden pays em @ 5:15 and  just wants you to follow him. lol he dosent get to pay bills
i want to gooo
evryone come here [URL] were spamming so much and blogtv is glitching and it might work
ready for tomorrow. my mommy will get her gift for mother's day. hope she loves it!
ugh fun concert  screen cracked on phone again because it fell... =\
if you take backstreet boya and put them in silk mc hammer pants with sgt peppers/beatles coats and lame music then you have smap
so happy, my vstudio shortcuts are backkk
can't wait to hear the evp! and cuuuute picture.
headed to verizon. praying that pinkberry is going to make it.
awaiting reply from two projects. one cancelled.
coco still out
have you watched you belong with me?   by my lovely sister ) kiddin.
hello again  how'd ur saturday go?
why aren't you showing up as a #spymaster in my screen?
well, sacramento, i hope you appreciate rivkah sass & treat her well. i'll be sitting here in omaha, pouting
leaving the beach .. having a great day with vicente .. we needed this time together
got caught in the rain. sand monsoon all the way home, even though i looked like a complete idiot
just left & already misses nashville  be back sunday
going to bed after the cavs game  don't judge me lol
you're a busy bob, i'm jealous. i'm not sure i can even afford to go meet john de lancie and leonard nimoy
i am living in a country where the government is always a circus show ... sad but true...
went twitter crazy! last nigh :p well thats what happens when u got nothin ta do at 2 o'clock in da mornin
i want chocolate!
[URL] - tell me, how can you not love someone like this?
yep  but i'm going better now
fun is being had.
$#@! my nose stud fell out and i can't find it  looks like i'll have to head into amsterdam today and get a new one
_by_spork we shall see
_other excellent analogy
good morning tweeps. busy this a.m. but not in a working way
lmao, im only joking mate
follow me baby u said n da chat u will  luv ya goodnite
been busy at work, now must run before traffic is too bad.
got a rad new t-shirt from my aunt. made from some cool shiny shiny pink material.
it was an awesome talk  find it very true that i am watching the ruby community closely
#f1 in a few hours guess who is sleepin in the living room
hahaha niene ur soo smart.! lmao i think that is who its by..  good lookin.. whts up gurlie?? i come home this weekend.!
[URL] - this is what happens when i have no models
i hereby announce that i am... employed! couldn't be happier, alhamdulillah!
i juz registered my cp in twitter, but my tweets wont go thru? argh..hmm wanna follow my idols lyk  away from the pc..
speaking,,,speaking ...
paid all my bills only to go out to the mailbox to find more of them
i could, but that would require today not to be a duvet day. i imagine that my outfit for the wendyhouse will be photo worthy
glad to hear you made it out, i hear that place used to be it's own country  looking forward to your arrival!
found a swing set for sale 2 blocks from home, super cheap. i want it 4 my kids but no one is answering the phone # listed
so many farewell parties! sad to see people leaving ..
- still a pity it comes with no lamb though
i've got cups but you gotta come get them
take that, take that!!!! in your faces!!!!!!!!!!!!  robbie won!
no other reason? i wonder if she loves you
happy birthday ness!!
wow, i really hope it gets better. asthma sucks
feels ..my cousin is a monkey  [URL]
charlie and the chocolate factory, in the mood for some johnny depp, then bed. preparing for a 14 1/2 hour wok day tomorrow
wasn't the 'layers' just absolute positioned divs? web compability killer
don't you hate it when you're left with one slice of bread left in the bag? half sandwich.
loves random acts of kindness and laughter
gha, off to work - hopefully traffic has cleared up by the time i get there!!
just watched another episode of jonas. is it better than hannah montana? very much true!
going to meet the new family i'm babysitting for... wish i was still sleeeeping
hi heather. i dont know why... but i just saw your messages from april!! have not been very twitter friendly...
i can't belive you only have one episode to go  ****
you can also watch family guy online. www.fancast.com  and yes i am a total shill.
i know right  poorpoor girl! it shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -
not excited for 32 people reservation in the morning  **** lovin halo3 right now for sure too
wowie wooie someone updated their twitter without me having to remind you. i'm not even mad,i'm impressed.  how was the lasagna ?
today is another good day for some less extreme experiences... anyone a fan of #24? i'm watching season 4 now
i was going tonight, but you never wrote me back with the info  im sososo sad...
still not 100%    im sick of being sick!
_collins i'm not sure i understand how this twitter thing works...
wat a stressful week i jus hope everything falls into place 4me
with hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow
aww i got to see my 1st grade teacher's last day before she retired
for sure you should continue to tweet while on conf call, while worrying about cat and bee.
lol! made a huge mess of my school shirt, was using charcoal sticks in 2d art
when will she b finished
bgt made me cry tonight
gawww, why is facebook being so slow?
im cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
bird poo update... managed to clean it all off but some slight stainage remains  any tips?
also i was conviced to do a happy dance and then told it was the most adorable happy dance ever
i day til nyc!!!! and the journey soon begins!!! music baby
i feel in love with pizza girl... now i eat pizza everyday
11 30s way early! anyway nigth night  love you!
if i say please reply to me dougie, will you do it? i double dare you
i'm not either. we should have went out *snicker* although i am enjoying listening to rr and my beer
hey esmee. how u doing?
muahahahhahaha...   well, maybe they think i'm crazy or something. i haven't scared  yet though
nope..not drunk..sometimes i think maybe i should..then maybe twitter would make sense, ya know!
today got her pop! t-shirt & lovess ittt  haha x
epicentre wheelock place - tourists only..
perfect night. best month of my life so far!! you my boo,
yayy  you'll can help me im doing my english homeworks which i had to do during the holidays >.<
hi ya demi! im glad ur back   [URL] i personally love the picture! haha
think you should do a tour in england, we dont got to see any aweomse people !!
'puke in my mouth' the brilliant response to **** in my pants  [URL]  over the top wrong
good morning. haha i just read that the swine flu probably not come's from pigs at all, but from people! poor pigs who got all the blame!
is bummed out...i don't have even one testimonial on flickr.
i am sorry that you are feeling that way.
yeah so prom night is now the craft (good movie)
having the flu, not the swinish-one, but the flu.
don't go to logan square we're pretty sure the shirt isn't there  1 more philly local tmrw
you should see our floors before you make that offer.  let me know if you don't receive a call soon.
i am sending healthy, healing thoughts in the mumborg's direction.
not at prom. ha! chinese, iced chai, and some old school pokemon. good night
prayers for my family and my dog - mozart is being put down this afternoon.   pics of him at [URL]
went on a short flight around the geelong waterfront.  surprised at how well i handled it, as i'm still exhausted from last weeks meetup
: i'll keep y'all in my prayers but welcome back to tx  hope you have a good,safe flight
good morning scary world!
is back at working auditing away, time to make the hard decisions and be happy
- ummmm. no comment. lol. i actually have not watched gh in about a week.
i think u have more than enough friends now, including me lol
zs.nagy presents  [URL]
_layne  hmm.. what's ur fav movie?? tv shows??
<3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform
thankfully that face only shows up for photoshoots
don't worry, the bizarre will find you
sorry - i have failed to grasp your meaning
_walker21 sadly no, i'll be going to the killumbus show. i really want to but no one wants to drive me there
morning lou, i have some housework to do then im off to church
extremely happy to see my new track 'the awakening' featured on indivibe   [URL]
hahaha n i'm a do the same for u
i love my mom! happy mother's day, mommies
just chilling after mcfly last night! absoulutely incredible! =d i love them!
god, why can't i be at #asylum? really. i never get to do anything cool!
just got in a fight and kicked out of the bar. at least i knocked him out. have a fat lip though.  pulled another number
working on mothers day slideshow, cake, card, and balloons  she deserves the best!
early bird gets the worm.  and in my case, birder gets to witness the carnage.
_eat_out
thanks, hope you have a good one
- you too, thanks for completing  calvin appreciated
morning everyone sorry for going early last night had bad news, felt totally ****   today is a new day
wow, the new google icons suck   [URL]
hahah! that was the best! thank god for terry he was laughing so hard. i miss him   i remember racing trucks with him that ...
tell his people to contact my people
kill it jasmine! haven't talked to you for ages.
got an awesome hair cut todayyyy  it looks so hottt haha doing homework
you're never alone just when you think no one cares, you realize that there' always one person you cares for you
someone's a sweet tooth  i was dying for somethin sweet so i've attacked the chock coated tiny teddies all i could find lol
my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table...
(2) in commentary  , i was with her, was sad, very sad
yet another good weekend with someone. sigh. man i like the boy..
about to head to the strand, goodnight
every day of my life lately.    i feel ya girl <3
hiya! been looking for you1
aw, that stinks, i'm sorry.
is trying to recover from a broken heart....yet again for the 2nd or 3rd time
ach, probably not... they are labeled as mi-5, which i believe was the name used when they aired on bbc america
ha! did she find out? the only thing google came up with was some database acronym and 'dibbs' on the front seat aka shotgun
_witty  yes france/belgium was good  carnt belive how much traffic we hit on the way back
my comp is being slo w
you didnt send me the text
oh mannn i'm gonna be there tomorroww
: unfortunately not.  i have to take it to a repair shop or replace it.
: come to vietnam to make a live show miley. there are so much fans love you at viet nam
'you guys could have fun in a cardboard box'.. i miss you already, bro.
a little twitter mention on snl
josie's out of surgery. she's now officially unable to procreate. and she's way out of it... poor medicated baby
i signed up for an account on a political website so i could post a comment but it isn't working.
_nigerianboi thanks jt i also enjoyed it i will. r u following me? ill follow u back
me and mum are lost in grangemouth. utter hilarity! totally lost
sorry 19/female/atl very lonely
feeling awful, new medication is making me nauseous
inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!
i need a bear hug  and im going to camp today!!
if i could, i'd send california sunshine your way.
i need a present for my mom.  could anybody help me ?!
i am in weirton julie, way up north at the tippy top! lol we don't think southern wv folks like us too much.
learning how to use twitter
bad mood and i dont feel good. too bad no one cares
i love you so much.  just got into my hiding spot, gonna go check out datalounge
- try this one
youre diabetic?   so is my dad.  & i might be too, not sure.  are you still allowed to eat sugar throughout the day?
i just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me
you should check yourz rayne.
_66 i haven't had slip-ons in years, since my checkered days. matter of fact i only have my torn up all black classics.
ian and i are going to a matinee tomorrow, or that's the plan at least...it's going to be too expensive for 3d at night
he will be here in less than hour
i know, but work is so boring. i prefer the  take on life
gmorning hermana! thank you for your testimonial it is wonderful. posted already.
ha. nothing any man does is right on mothers day except for taking kids off mum's hands for whole day
ahhh - whatchu talkinï¿½ baby?  hahaha i canï¿½t believe youu:o heh, actually i can. life is worth taking risks... [URL]
our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching
and clang rocks, so you're using it, right?  anyways, according to the comments it's in apple's gcc too, dunno how public tho
unlike cierra, i look like poop today. whatevahh, lol.
off to enjoy a hanami picnic at the cherry tree park. hope the weather stays nice.
the comp deleted half my apps
in whin park on the swings, victory is all mine right now
well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an individual without a ssn/itin or ein according to apple.  hurray!
because its like ten times better than this place xd and its so beautiful and fun  and they have gold coast hot dogs!! xd
whole body is sore from moving hundreds of pieces of luggage last weekend.   guess i should visit the gym more often
oh you are too kind
yeah, so quick! and i'm using the 5mm addi's i bought on sat and it makes it even smoother
i don't even look at their fabric unless i need polar fleece.   it's worth the extra $ to go to needle and thread.
pleeaaasee come out sun
ummm...last night when i dm'd you, you said it was a 'good' question.
man, i am really sorry
watching the jobros live chat .. not live though  haha.
wow.. tomorrow and then it's over. i'll never see some of those people again. it's kind of sad.
ncaa baseball road 2 omaha: south carolina just hit a 3-run homerun. dagger 2 my heart.    mason 1 - south carolina 3..
i send messages to greg all the time, no answer  its ok i still love o & a, goog luck with your move to erie.
the honesty's to much...........  sorry couldn't resist;)
oh ok i always wondered how that worked. i only have the top of my ear done. i dont think i could get anything else pierced
noooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine
10.11pm~ todays a drag for me. so bored. im about to get into the romance book so i prob wont be on til the morn  night twitter babes ;)
twitter fam, i'm about to hop back on aim i went ghost on y'all lolz sowwy
i make them good girls go bad
sites that republish my blog's feed often end up higher than my blog on google search results
going to have dinner. bbs
we can all but hope... georgia is still wide awake and has the hiccups
no phone  i knew i should've charged it last night. sigh
quite
oh yes! level 40
my baby's off on his adventure. 14.5 hours in the car up to lake ann mi. i admit it. i cried a little when the truck pulled out...
[URL] - i need this. right now. this is absolutely mindddd blowing  i love this. so much!
frustrated by my stupid iphone i need a blackberry!!!!
woo - got a fast mobile broadband connection now
but i really want a sporebat pet.
i'm still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. having a nice time!
oh! i ate pizza last night too!  i stupidly feel closer to you somehow!
oh right,sorry,now i get ya,but still 3000 email's,wow,cool
? i had great time in boston. thanks to my baby girl.   [URL]
my bad homie
i'm awake whats for breakfast lulu **** on a shingle ha ha ha
good morning everyone
love this one, especially the shoes  anyway, gmn punya acc lookbook ya? [URL]
shake shake shake shake shake it
raining again
good morning world
i hope that everyone has been having a great week.  let me know if you think im crazy for hating coffee xd.
back to br
time to put the weapons on the charger for the night.  sleep tight
using tiffys computer...it feels different from mine... the touch is different.
and ... happy mother's day to all moms   you sure are the ? heart of mankind.
are they both still talking to you then?
i want crimson gem saga.  i will just go play rf guerilla demo repeatedly. i (mission failed - you died) so many times from dicking around
lol that was a great movie
will b having my last v tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy
i was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  good thing i got an early rest last night!
let's go!
feels really sick.
hecks yeah. jandy timsamlake is too rawesome!
**** internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~*~kandi~*~
u don't have school today????
not only has it broken but it's monday!!does this mean monday can be fix'd?  ? [URL]
people at work are stressing me out.
rt i have had few hearts the past few days on etsy  boo hoo....totally the same for me too ((((((
love it when my sister brags! but she's too tired too spell bowling right! haha its ok i <3 her!!
never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry
lol your tweets are so funny! i met you in calgary! you're awesome  can't wait for the next hp movie!
is off to work ... still 'recovering' from an amazing and beautiful weekend. have i mentioned how incredible my friends are??
so's the smell of cigarettes and alcohol... at least *i * like it.
all done. no more internship.
rip to officer edwards. may god continue to bless his family. what's up wit cops killing cops. seen the same thing happen on 'the wire'.
invasion of the old ladies has just ended, still have to clean up not going to be able to make it to the tweetup tonight.
's current goal is to lose 10 pounds by next tuesday! 120 here i come   soooo ready for gatlinburg!
my best friends bought something which i really want.
it depends on your goals & how much you want to spend  cannondale, specialized and cervelo are all good brands.
on the phone to mum  [URL]
me tooo
my net died so yeah....  i'm sad now
then am anticipating the next ten days!
i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
yeah, when you start reaching your early-mid-20s
getting ready to babysit
bad migrane and need to go to dancing tonight.... not a good combination
grinding skyguard rep. this is less awful than i anticipated. yet, still awful. last tabard i need
i dunno if he saw it  happy birthday girl!
i'm looking forward too see and hear you in norway!! live fast!
awesome
actually workin from home tonight...  you?
****! i want to be at the beach in the sun
oh. i am just so tired.
well, my dog still isn't at the shelter. i hope someone good has him
well tell me what fashion tips you need and i'm your woman  hehehe
hello there, taylor  i miss you. its been 2 months </3
i wear a lot of white  [URL]
always a good idea.
i remember those days. i wasn't a big fan of wesley but i really felt for you as a youngster dealing with all that. but you won!
getting nails done!!! how relaxing! benji is only 24 hours away!!!!
not here for long hun, head hurts
at walmart playing hide and seek.
whatever do you mean?
all of a sudden i'm craving broccoli and cheese soup really bad... my mouth is watering envisioning a bread bowl in my head...
that it does  just wish more people would notice it
your test works fine for me  tweetdeck is so cool eh?
wish you were here, babe
this morning i rode behind a guy with a bird cage containing a plastic tyrannosaurus rex attached to his bicycle. i couldn't get a photo.
i love summer, but i oddly don't want this school year to end.
lolz at your modesty...***kix rox***...now all the gals will be lined up at your door
morning, how is everone? sing to me  you tuck me in, turn out the light, kept me safe and sound at night. (8)
i so can't be bothered working tomorrow!
kittens are cute then they grow up n become cats
.. guess ol' tom has another mission impossible ... some of this is like trying to prove innocence .. i didn't get hugged
hey i was scared last night at 3:17 because of you... and i had several bad nightmares
gawd. people still remember the preggers comment. hate you!
oh no my tweetdeck is malfunctioning :o il have web will its fixd
heeeeey! you abandoned me here on twitter momma dots?
yeah freakin sucks!!
off the a village may fayre now.  bag packed ready to bring back home-made goodies.
#followfriday _1001 cuz ive never been added to anyone's followfriday either  & cuz he's got a cool picture
sooo tell me how i lost followerzzz
- thanks for the reply. of course it doesn't really explain it  i googled it but found no explanation.
looking for people
wishes that you would see not with your eyes but with your heart.  [URL]
awwww   i've got some photos of cute bunnies
long day and i still have to mow the lawn
shoot. only 12 miles
why has it been so long since i have talked to you let alone seen you?? it makes me sad
happy mothers day mom  ?
i want cookies for breakfast! luckily i'm an adult and can do that!
mowing #6. i hate my lawn
you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first time, something is up
yeah.. i left cause my pc can't run the client anymore. i had thought i would have a new one by now..
feeling bad for  profile pic
capones island in 2 days!!! my summer is just starting...
movie then sleep! today was good day  [{h!--d3ff}]
planing on going on a little ride on the mtb on monday  may be in over to the tower...
**** fiesta at my house in my mouth  hit me up for the password
the live version is so much better  ? [URL]
there's no pause button in the game of life.
that's black market material right there, my friend!
is getting married in vegas in november by an elvis impersonator am so happy!!!
tried to join the chat but the site would not let me sign in
where is home??
singing songs and filming movies  what i do best
their songs make me want to cry..
while driving u come across aggressive driving behaviour by another driver. u should... chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive
the mediteranian kitchen...oh well can't get them all right.
what's wrong?
wasn'**** totally awesome?  seeing the rebooted crew was so nice!
_d thats good to know, and i bet he looks just like you.
_43 hahhahah that really made me laugh out loudd! ahahahahahahahahah your fuunny!!
i so wish i could get pregnant!!
im trying to fix it.. it doesnt do it  and its 'ahi dios mio' but u did good lol
hiya! missed you too! what have you been up to?
out to play
really sick
yay  my 'only on sundays' maid came!! the house will be clean again!!!
thx, robban  [URL]
thanks jk!!!  love ya to death
going to al ain.  need to check out one store. hope i find things that i'm looking for.
geeze- i'm just wondering what is wrong with some people. i either need to go for a run or go to sleep. tomorrow should be a fun day.
so my parents are too busy making me feel like **** to realise that i've got worse and need to see a doctor again. no sleep sucks
g'night jonathan! i tried to stay up, i really did. i can't wait till ur in my timezone! will be so much easier then!
prom is so over rated!! irritated... going to bed goodnight
look, everyone! i'm a bad boy! i'm ranked higher than meghan mccain!  [URL]
_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?
or ftrh -- for the ride home
english screwed up my overall percentage in x, in xii again and probably in adm tests too. **** happens.
i want chinese food really baaad.
is downloading songs  [URL]
i almost said, 'and grammer no exist either' grunt.  but i stopped myself
_d you're gonna take good care of that little baby and he's gonna be a strong boy, that's for sure
ha! lemme know what you find (tho i suspect it will be a lot of complaints). have a peaceful night my friend
seeing shane dawson videos
sad face.
aaaaahhhh.... friday!!!! but.......     funeral at 5
already misses
_laura_lp ok thanks for the help! i hope they respond to me sooner or later, then! thanks!
out of commish for a few days in atl with fam.  just saw the updates to the .net website... looks awesome!
awww that sucks  also, when i finish uni, you should totally have a mini housewarming. yes, work it around my schedule, lol.
at famous dave's with my mom. so hungry.
i would vote for you miley but i live in ireland  you'll be fine  good luck! slï¿½n!(bye in irish ) sorcha xxxx
home for the nite, sleeping on the pull out bed with maggie. wishing it was _durden  i got to find a apt
oh..summer begins..yay..  the fighting, crying and stress has started with the kids..it's only been 3 hrs since they got out.
i feel so deflated. no more doggy.
sad about young love coming to an end  they were sooo cute together!
omg really??  i sowwy! i'll do it again! :-p i was tired when i did that this morning. :-p lol!
owww, back pain  hm, walmart or no? i could get cupcakes~
i can't believe that you guys are gonna stay just one day here in rio de janeiro again
making my boyfriend look different.  he's  cute no matter what. <3
lol thx
is working until 11 tonight  [URL]
well there go my peace corps prospects.
rmbr the time when we torned for the night in sentosa? i was the only one who didnt have to spit out the ' 3 unknown facts' abt myself
good idea! i'll have to remove all the old receipts, tissue paper and other nonsense before i can take a pic
whatever will be, will be
wango tango!!! good night all
i'm not in the best financial situation myself at the moment. i'm beyond broke. my money is spend as soon as i earn it atm
hello you!  you should totally go to the biggest shopping center in europe and we can go shopping together   ****
fixing openbox theme a little
selling my laptop for cheap if anyone's interested!  17' toshiba 1.3gig ram
if recent experience is anything to go by, i fear i might be going off indian food. this is not good, people. not good
i wish i wasn't all  bummed but i kinda am
hey mitchel when will you be live again? i didn't get a chance to call you
looking at the sunshine out of my office window
back is sore... should not have done that jump last night
we are working
'brides a la mode' pow wow first thing this morning   this past weekend's lovely wedding fresh in my mind... pics soon!
just got my paycheck... april bonus can b deposited 2day the rest, gotta wait til mon.
nope no way in to stop  just have to put up wiv it
i recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!
not so much a substitute as a variation. ate too much, too. oof
such beautiful weather.. .why are u sick, baby ?  @ tanapolis
oui mademoiselle. you can barely turn around these days without bumping into one.
flickr pics chester zoo: danwtmoon posted a photo:   'welcome' to chester zoo by jockey  [URL]
woke up and watched jon and kate plus eight. i tried to pretend like they were still a normail family
your'e a freak
i dont even know now lenaaa  when you going clothes show?
_jane yay! buti nagustuhan nyo. isang bar lang enclosed ko sa mail.  to test if matutunaw or hindi. next time uli.
memories
yep. nothing to worry about.
back to work tomorrow  whose idea was it to go back on a saturday?!? oh wait... that would be mine. fail.
going to start very small, like $0.10 or $0.50  then slowly to higher stakes
make a videoblog!
reading evermore by lynn viehl.
wow what a storm we just had!!! now no power
getting my phone back this week  yeeeewww
back from school  daily show was amazing  gonna watch it again later i think xd
_breez yer please do! have a good day!
#musicmonday epic song. (y)  ? 'lights and sounds' by yellowcard ~ [URL]
hot cuppa coffee made with milk & fortified with monin's irish coffee syrup! bliss!
right im out of here peeps.. i hope  fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
my anticipated meet up with tapan parikh is no more  apparently he wont pass by nairobi, and will head straight from mombasa
watching army wives and it always makes me cry
productive day 1
rest in peace  adam 12 & glenn epps.... gone but never forgotten... what a week ...loud in da air 4 ya
gotta love the summer
marking going ok so far a's and b's so far - relieved it looks like i have future programmers in class
alas no, it's just a normal night  monday is quiz night
did anyone go photographing today? i managed to get a few macro shots of some flowers that were blooming
_buckley good morning from sunny london...sounds like an oxymoron but happens to be true of today  hurrah!
cool. that'd be fantastic!
live on stickam.com/itstyleryo come chat!
but  is right: this is like the cape breton coal mines but ++. no lessons learned.
yes, but i'm quite rusty.  i'm hoping to get back to it and 'tune up' my skills.  tim plays guitar.  we threaten duets.
hey everybody!  hah this day is cool! just got back from walk with the dog...  omgosh! send me the link again please!
srry im not so interesting right now... stayed up til 6am cause my tummy hurt and now im pooped and have to work
me because i might not have enough money for college!!!
lol! woow okay its not that big of a deal
i love how when i leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot
i mean someone hit a dog with a car. it was just laying there
does it start tomorrow?  i was going to book sam on that and forgot
salt and vinegar, cheese and onion make your breathe smell lol  ****
you're welcome. there!  i added you already!
_rose mornin' !  missed dance time, so i guess i will have to dance extra hard tomorrow...
sorry to hear about your dude probs, what is it that's too much?
discovered that numpy arrays can hold values of any type.  useful for manipulating arrays of numbers with uncertainties.
maybe i should take up drinking again, feel as if i have a ,massive hangover  still not ,yself today
just downloaded the tweet deck....look at my and my saviness
today friday: i really hope you will read my messages here and reply to me soon. i could not reach you by phone before you go to work.
whatever i know you like it.  hahahhah!
oh no! my fun weekend with friends is gone! my mother has made a family weekend of it!  ****
good morning twitterland. happy monday
writing reports....
thanks timmy.  turns out he has strep and a high fever.
oh, that is very nice!! i will do something nice next week ~ going to madrid next weekend for few days
keeping it chilled.
what a beautiful day not to got to my first class
fabulous. and i didn't get that pic  gmail be acting the fool sometimes. can u dm me it?
yeah, it's terrible  cockatoos are the hardest to live with, so emotional. good thing he found you, though!!
_ that sucks!
yes it does
_datti thanks sankar for ur wishes
i love waking up and thinking it's a weekday, but then realizing it's the weekend.
sorry bout the cat,
you're the only person to have joined in  #penilewords
up and washed  i'm clothing myself as i type xd woooo
miss u too. i'm still at a club...u know...west coast ****!
love love love pot psycology. my friday night treat
happy star wars day  may the fourth be with you!
playing with lighters fire matches and grass
_art that would be the one.  it's awesome sauce.
bucky, my ferret officially has insulinoma  now on daily prednisone. had interview with p-doc today, have to go back monday for testing.
i've never been to prague, but if i had the money, it'll be in the 10 first cities i visit
coffee time
he was creepy for me at first, but i did really grow to like him. i cried like a baby when he and tosh died.
_ really!? that son of a ****, screw him, ill talk to on msn later k  xox
we didn't...but we did have to wait a good twenty minutes for one.  good night, though!
i always hope they will die out but then i see the the old ones and it makes me sad
thanks alen, it seems that we can only submit community news, is this an error, or must we prove ourselves
don't follow me. you will ruin my twitter experience
blah to car repairs... almost 600 dollars...   shopping around for a better deal.
weetabix and choco milk  yum!
me too!
i'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer
_me thanks! kinda bittersweet though
_nutbar good morning  how are you? #twittertakeover
first time to twitter..
captain jack is back
_la ben's dreams make me so saddddddd  i want them to be togetherrr. i swear if this **** gets me bawlinggg, so help me..
internet, you were so fast! and now you are so slow! where did the fast connection go?
6 am.  you?
30 year old barbie dolls still can rock it...that girl was h-o-t!  and ken ain't so bad either!  now those are memories!
this weather makes my fingers numb / still waiting
lol yeah ima mama  thanks. happy mama's day and lakers day! i love it!
done--it's summer!!!
i was just at geno's 3hrs ago.  would have went to pats but the neon lights got me lol.  had drinks at south philly bar too
[URL] fry bread is good but they only gave me a little pinch of lettuce  ha ha
its wow! effect  thanks for the update.
got up at 8 today, and also misses his friend
catching up on my reading... twitter n bf break
no, that's not right - i remember now.  you were in a fearless tweet - we were both seen as fearless.
my thoughts dwell on a certain person
transition time is over; tonight i work night shift. i woke up at 1330.
gonna go to work with my honey today!!!! so exciting!!!
_ aww thats too bad you lost it though
this my new more private acc. will only use it for close twitter friends
i hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than i need it to be.
actually, the web works fine. tweetdeck seems to be the culprit  sadness! it's done this at two diff. locations
_x how did your geo isu go? i swear i just had the worse day ever..
and you could have it all, my empire of dirt! i'm in a&e with dad i'm freezing fully shivering every1 else is warm  no fones allowed ffs!
tell me what you think of pride prejudice and zombies . . . if you're not all hyped up on sugar
_tdh can you install ruby, gems and rails on keep? please?
out for ultimate training. looking forward to the sunset!
going to work once again. what a great few days off i had. now it's over  but atleast i get 2 more commin up wahooooooo
good to see you back. sorry that happened to you
my 1st mothers day tomorrow
'you said 'darling what happened? did i fall asleep, and you carry me home? cuz i know i wasn't here'' goodnight twitterererers
i just about clear my whole office and no sign of it  next place is truck, i have yet to fully clean under back seat lol!
it's not gonna storm!  because i said so!
i broke my ipod
_banks 'something must be wrong. only found 17 july harl/sil books i wanted
haha and you should! state pride is important
ugh, did you just say your friend might have swine flu? omg, why?
haha no problem, it's fun isn'****
finally got to wash my hair! i feel much better now, but i gotta dry it ... effffffort.
finally feel back into swing of things here at work after getting married last week! sigh of relief for no more wedding planning!
that sucks  booo.
hates untalented **** being mean to my talented friends
looks like we're rained out for weekend climbing
is google maps not working for anyone else?
oh ****!!
i dont really trust the judgements and vouches of _xo   jk. i'll think about becoming a friend of yours
jesus heals
it's surprising how much billy idol turns up in tweets. i monitor constantly - not that i'm obsessed or anything!  #billyidol
werd. that's very true
your birthday? well happy birthday
without wings again
did you tweet me? i thought i remembered seeing one but i cant see it now! so glad teatree is ok!
night twitterland x i have to be up in five hours  sigh
happy birthday in 2 hours and 54 minuets  haha
lunch break's over, going back to work....
glad to see it's a typical bank holiday weather wise - i was going to do so much today - yeah right!
hayley williams is pretty much amazzing
the app said i need 12.1.5 or later
--nothing
is in php website upgrade hell on a bank holiday. how's that for planning!
not really having a good night... missing my little girl...
miss you captain
im sending this to my mother!  [URL]
oi, are you mocking the fact i dont cry at tv things?!  *feels bad*xxx
i am public and can't get anyone to follow me
until  brings back our everyone button, access pt @ [URL] or link in bottom of settings.
boring? who you been talking to? lol not me  ( no ****)
i know, right? i guess the oldest doesn't hold rank on field trips anymore.
just signed up..so, hello twitter world, here i am
i won't be getting any rotf toys 'till much later.  tell me if anybody isn't/is worth getting.
heading over to xbox  will go shopping 2morrow
i saw that you were calling but cannot answer as i'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking
is excited!  [URL]
hmmm really??? that's weird idk about that one  sowwy
oh that looks boring  and even more boring you have an exam on a saturday
practice was a beast today. not going to see julian tonight
getting somewhere with my first 'real' kiokudb and catalyst app, yay
thanks though - am trying to be positive!!  wine may not be helping lol!!  wish i could make the gigs.....
i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
rise and shine  time to get prettifide.
i tried sooooo hard to work from home today, but failed  not my fault though.
gosh i've a stinky old headache. maybe i should have lunchfast
glenna is bored but glad that it is a beautiful day. macy went swimming and kris played golf while i sat at home waiting for them
bout 2 have 1 more drink then imma head in da house
i get so sucked in to true life, and that steve-o documentary was intense, i love that ****, it's nice to see people get their lives back
i love my life  ni night twitter!<3
we knew what what you meant!
succesfully following tayla!!
my new phrase is 'you never doubt mo williams'   six game win streak!
have fun tomorrow night. i think it will be more fun at a bar than art gallery. wish i could be there
4th... please not! maybe she'll get 3 attempts and win tomorrow!!
trying to learn to tweet!!  it's all good i hope..
bleargh. i can never clean as much of my house as i want to before work, no matter how early i wake up. today: sink, laundry.
great, social network sites are still growing
if i got paid by the hour i could retire by now  do you have xbox live? i am thinking rock band
i should learn not to walk all day, and then sprint through sprinklers without stretching.
so...i was half asleep when i wrote the previous message. greatest friends !!haha  you are!!
i'm still trying to see star trek! i'll just have to woman up and go alone. bf is pretty much worthless anyway  lol
laws change in the 70s or 80s.   i could really push it bcause gran from bathgate, but she was us citizen b4 dad born.
some of my new followers are pretty cool tweeps; check 'em out.
no work today! went shopping, and now relaxing  &learning for the toefl
is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today
he's getting ear tubes in about an hour so no food
yay asap lol awwh i miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the 'boy' hahahaha
left the bases loaded...
cowboy westerns...haven't seen those in a while. good luck
it's already over? ****!
i was trying to back all her documents up but it wasn't playing along. its taking forever but am back at it again now
doing some test shooting later this afternoon.  did i mention being in holland for an indie wine festival this week? my tongue is red.
my dad knows i got drunk today. and i didnt get in trouble.
so i'll excuse your love for the cavs and the west, even though i don't share it!
lol - i could try!  seriously tho, dont do all of it! that sucks! ****
**** i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes
happy mothers day mom!!!  i love you.
burning cd's,,,,,,,,, **** outa blank disc's
new album is truly genius, so happy with it
you're alive!!!!!!  go w/ the notebook...it'll make you cry and stuff
okaii cool!  i can't wait for the series to begin it's guna be awesome  x
crying to a walk to remember as usual
i only hav 8 followers                 !
happy star wars day everyone  off to celebrate with the family... ok we're not celebrating it but i am going round to the famo's...
i also have a certain cd from camp that a certain somebody gave me...  yeah, there's this guy in the video that's really frickin hot!
it's mother's day
yay for birthdays  sadly my voice is almost gone :/ but it was a pretty good night!
we finally hit 1,000 friends! thanks!
i'm part of a religion called people-with-good-taste-in-music. we don't celebrate jonas brothers day.
i'm at work....bored out of my mind.
watching the notebook
yes because those taxes disguise the booking fees and commissions that online travel portals charge. try ixigo.com next time
twitters gettin a lil bit confusin... twitterific?twitdroid?twitterberry? i understant the txt bit tho lol  ah well, twitters cool anyways
finally sleep time
[URL] - best kind of gum ever! i just bought a pack
the heater blew up
i tried. and failed
just finished mine, some parts were remarkably difficult  cramming kanji now!
why is everyones tweets about britains got talent?! i feel left out
yay mothers day  i love mi madre
they wouldn't reverse any of my overdraft fees.
_n9ne i'm not having a good day
i miss the soulja boy dance...
i woke up an came to the realization that i can put it off as much as i want, but i need 2 drop some friends. dammit!
11 days left until freedom. i really just want to get through this weekend. i hate essays.
lol you guys are awesome
home, good night world
[URL] - awww, she is really cute
got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file... so glad i got this job!!
lappy charger is completely dead... conserving what's left of the battery until i can afford to buy a new one
well, i must say she is very lucky to have you! i guess that means no chillin and concert with me huh
happy mother's day all of the mom's around the world!  i love mine more than anything in the world and can't wait to celebrate! woo!
i put a real pic of myself up. i'm going to miss the avatar.
doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics
sad that borders did not have guerrilla gardening book but otherwise a most lovely relaxing day
i can't sleep. i can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. i'm sick at myself cause i may have lost them somehow. or they were stolen
had to take my bad **** dog to the pet hotel....so sad
about to hit the sheets.
i wish i had my ipod , i need some jonas . i miss their sexy voices  jb forever !
watching gilmore girls reruns!! don't know what else to do for the day
wow, its hot and miserable. people are probably killing themselves right about now...
thanks mama ! i absolutely adore her
ohh snapp, have fun
sitting waiting for an exam to start
i don't think i've ever tried peanut butter on toast
i would but he's premiering avatar footage and can't do it then. also, we better hang out.
home from chelsea's  jam sessions = <3 = chelsea + abby = i luh you.
we'll be visiting my grandparents later. btw i just heard katy perry's hook up whew so cool i love it more than k.clarkson's version
very sweet!!! haha. i am like super proud to be a new mom!!! i feel like, i got the perfect daughter. and i am a great mom!!!
gosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay<3*
i'm sure she'll be fine. they're not as daft as they look (sometime)
ha! i'd give kristen plenty of free hugs! *sigh* if only i could
and, yes. i <3 mac, if only it weren't so expensive
i hate cottage cheese.  i even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries...i could only eat half of it.
link isn't working
i just need to go to the bank
you should come to estonia, i know some epic horses here, hehe, and a good trainer and good beaches were to ride!
_jonas101 wow they're totally amazing and they're more than awesome
just got laid off  stupid economy!
[URL] - my plans have been ruined
nothing better than to have your grandaughter smile and nothing feels better than that big hug!! grandkids, what a hoot!
'wake up darling'
oh i know. and i aprreciate it  it can be my back up plan
yes, i would love some more cowbell!
umm don't ya mean ship
i really wanna go to australia and england.
i just slept that entire flight, and woke up to the fact that the girl beside me had been watching chitty chitty bang bang!
just had a gym sesh.
trying to get to sleep but mum is blaring les mis really loudly in the sitting room
don't think i'm gonna be able to go to see the jb 3d concert...wrong time, no where very close by
i'm a sad panda, hulu doesn't have the elephant show   no skinnamarinkydinkydink sing alongs for me.
what's up? what happened? dm me if you need to. txt on my phone is defunk'd
is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can't wait for the glenn ball!
i'm gonna cry    i went bad at my history test ! i really hate history  !
just got up, couldn't sleep anymore i guess and im not really gonna go back to bed, im not really sleepy
going to work
i agree with the whole hollie thing
_ truetrue  but he's not! xd
sad i missed  going away party due to too much work, but i really am gonna miss that kid
i've come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
one of the most random phone calls ever. my god kill me now.
& more #<3criminy cuteness! [URL] #sinfest
the neighborhood gas station is gone, kaput, out of business. no more convenient trips for ice or whatevs. over 3 miles now to travel..
tomorrow's mother's day  me n my sis gonna make an onigiri for our mom~!! its gonna be so kewl!! cant wait for tomorrow >_<
it makes me sad when people phones are sick
taking care of sick children
welcome to my life
same here - events + writing songs. but i just finished my tmnt vs mmpr song, so i'm excited to record that on wednesday
yup! way to **** early and i'm already at work
oh sweet! i'll definitely check it out when i get the chance...
youuuu're an aaass  my aaass loooool
i want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today
important person?  who?
that's not what  said  i like you, too, though.  is going steady with , though.....
thank you! one day at a time, right?
i missed mine, too. not fun...
via : found #geocache head's up! [URL] probably my only find of the day.  [URL]
let me dream about my spock now goodnight
_e thanks for following me. nice to meet you
danny cut his beautiful curls
god is so good!!
forcing myself to watch the movie 1984 for my book report  im lazy to read
thanks amy, its full of hotness
don't think i can take a needle. watched a horribly gory short film on drugs a few months ago. i'm scarred for life.
just finished watching the last of star wars
thanks    ? [URL]
can't be arsed to get out of bed  hello sunshine
every pair of jeans i own nowadays is very tight.  i think mah butt gettin big (oh!)
i bought two tops and a scarf yesterday...sister has successfully hijacked them this morning to wear to breakfast (after removing tags)
btw, do you realize your profile pic makes you look much older than you say you are?
aw, sorry e. :/ i hope it looks up for you (lame ear) and there's always next year! ****. lamer ear :/ fail. uhh..love ya e!
tiny.cc doesn't seem to load for me  i was thinking on going to the batting cages but apparently you gotta book in adv
cheese and onion! vinegar taste weird on crisps! england's got loads of weird crisps flavorus  lol.. what do you like ? x
thank yooou! i might have to get it seen to... hm...  ****
ohh grandpas.. stable.. won't kno all details til tomorrow when i visit... keep him me and my fam in ur prayers..thank you  ... goodnite
sore throat. this is not good. i have four performances this weekend.
it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because im sitting by myseld in the lrc
so disappointed about the talent lineup for 'reventï¿½n super estrella 2009'...hmm...have the feeling i won't get tix this time around.
this is for all of you ppl! the 1 year anniversary video. [URL] more to come after the break
can i come!?   i'm merci btw., i have always been so inspired by you since i was a teenager.
how crappy for him
its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max
anyone ever had that heavy feeling of sadness in their hearts? thats my case rite now.
haha! sorry to hear that
_k_2k - y!360 closing? get out!
he's too old school for burnouts. just a lap around the track, like they used to.  #nascar
hannah slept here last night  just gave her her 5:00 am bottle and she went right back to sleep but i'm up! lol
aww if i could, i would...  gby ;)
i ate too many kisses.
thanks for the warning. good thing my heart is unbreakable.
everyone at my place tomorrow  bonfire, tofu dogs, and austin powers.
... like you're stuff!  strange voicemails! [URL]
well done! happy for ya.
oks  yes infact we had chatted earlier on n00b.in as well
and you as well bro
im sorry  i wish that i was there instead (it would give you a good excuse to get away from him) hehe...i love you <3
true to form, bank holiday monday looks like it might be rainy. hope it holds off til later, family&friends plan walk and picnic today
how do you call that number from the uk ??  i really want to call u but i don't know how to  xxxxxx
thinks fml should changed to lml (love my life)
ha,  i'm giving spymaster a chance - just curious! will miss u
ah, i thought management fiat was your own fiat  oh well... and... shripriya (or shri if one must shorten it).
loves the 2nd half of even days, orch and jazz band with daddy
is tired. and turning off the internet. you can play on it in the morning.
watching wall-e.....it's so cute but sad
happy star wars day
just got notified my podcast was accepted into itunes. [URL] of course i then realized it was miss formated  fixed now.
heyy.thnxx.or.inviting.me.to.ur.party.rob.ill.be.down.there.on.june.24th.ill.miss.u.when.u.go.to.italy....   <333333333 txt.me.hon!!!
is tired of summer already
there mite be a article in the trib bout portia, keep an eye out for it.
i've given up on pizza - kids would never let me have my fav  (the hot ones)
im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
thats great
princess sakura is mine  therefor i want to use it on tj! grr
i wish i could teach my dog how to play xbox!  alas...no thumbs
cleaning out my room and found this... [URL]   she took me to 2w2v and insisted on paying for my ticket.
thanks! i'm totally bushed today though time for some coding
still making icons
gonna go 2 bed now, night tweeters  , dont think about me when you sleep ;) hahah nite all
waiting for my turn on wii fit gym closed
omg!!! is this the sun glimpsing through the clouds?! woohoo!
haha yea, i just feel like its being taken the wrong direction, used to be a cool place, now its a mess
shes must be a truly amazing woman for having a phenomenal son..
very nice...i cleared my head
i think it'll be more like a casual attendance instead of a review, as there might not be another issue of felix by then.  thanks.
your pic didn't show up for me  boo!!!! all the other pics on that site show up, but not yours
baby i need you , right here , right now
umm get ready, help my mum, give gj his presents when he gets up (could be a while), wait for people to arrive, then party
together
[URL] - another prof pic.
happy mother's day mom
[URL] - i'm not gonna buy one...nor two... but three! i will be the ultimate slaughter machine!
#asylm yay registered but lost all my friends
church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu,(god bless in german)
still feel like craaaap and like everyone on earth needs to know this lol... have fun birdies
watching dor on utv movies again great performance
did u watch the spelling bee contest ? winner: kavya shivshankar ! impressive performance - i had not even heared most of the words b4
probably not in this weather
some relaxation. so much things on my list... but really not that much
....got your message!!! you are such a twitter freak!
no wonder you hate driving and country roads and stuff
heading out to (a long)band practice. last one before our first show on saturday night. hope it's a good one  [URL]
says happy mother's day to all the moms out there!  [URL]
sorry to hear your news
i've been there.  the only place i have flown out of since moving up north. really pretty area for flying, but very expensive
sad.. daniel is leaving florida now.. just gave him a big hug
it's mother's day...i already bought and gave my mother's day present to my mother.
best friend is leaving to go back to school today..i am so sad
hey, what about us followers in atl!!!!
11:11 pm perrrfect universal alignment.    <33
has a new nick name - arosh ..i like i like
i was so bored i decided to iron all my baju sklh. thn i realized i hate doing tht. so all i did was iron a sleeve hahaha. im off to schl
no trump casino in vegas.
_jimski .....in my book, yes
ilooked in my phone book and ur name was the first to show and i was like i got ti-ti number but it was just ur email
asks for karma points please.  [URL]
will do
officially booked for seattle with  and  it's going to be the best birthday weekend ever!   :you made me sad
_carter the link doesnt work
_m awww, our mother's day has been and gone :o(.  no work today, off out witht he camera in a little while, hopefully
i guess you get loads of emails & people asking you stuff al the time but i seriously wonder if you ever read my comments  x
up late with nothin 2 do.....
ahh... i love chinese music. haha.  not gonna see my luff til thursday...
people are people...nooooo? id never have guessed tht...idiot..im grouchy now
i see you hannah klein!. lookin good today
aha _marie my brother's wallpaper on his phone is dolly the sheep  aha i'm loling.
it's saying that it is the wrong link-it cannot find the address.
i know... kittie should be a professional....
sending blessings out to
ahh ok! enjoy! i'll miss it
so tonights tv viewing, bgt or hignfy and reggie perrin? wont be tweeting however as  minic has hidden ipod
mudweight hauled in for last time by   [URL]
has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though
i cant believes its already monday, the weekend went by soooo fast, keeping my fingers crossed that will too
barack obama is a legend, just watched his dinner speach, it was pretty funny
i got whooped by jason bradbury. ace :0
ouch. i won't be down in miami tomorrow morning. that sucks  it's a cruise? are you driving back the next saturday?
sadd..  last night in fl.. going back to ar tomorrow
according to mary chaayaa, i look like a sexy emo in my dp  i not emo.
sounds awesome..
well you are a tricky one so i would say 6.5
no. my school will start on june1.  two days to go. i still don't want. :l
still no internet today
tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what's happening, like its totally grrrsville
gahhhh homework. masterchef in half an hour! hahah and the recruits
this month was a bad month to try and get an advert together for kobold quarterly
i'm concerned for that family
idk i cant do ****
only gets spam in her college email account now. what a way to rub in graduation.
i'm very much in tune with your words today. thanks.
how are you gonna get them? i got bitten
i'm so sad i missed your calling time, i got home from practice too late
im jealous.  im slaving away at the store and youre chilling on the boat.
we get so bored with routine.. lol!
what does 'drink responsibly' mean to you? please share a tip (or two if you're drunk right now  )
i got up early to pay bills. i figured its like a bandaid if i get it over quickly it won't be so bad... i was wrong
ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!
watch lowkey freestyling (and selling his mixtape  on [URL] and performing in norwich tonight
i feel sorry for my bestie  good luck ali!
i need one of these! was just thinking about it earlier today as i downloaded pictures via usb.  #evernote_eyefi
putting 3 new consultants to work this week. it's a good feeling!  congrats on your offers
oh gosh how i want the party to be over and done with already.
ive totally not got that job  i can just tell.
just snappy's delivered some tea and ice cream. i love my sister.
eek can't wait to see it!! as well as everyone elses. gahh i don't know what i want  lol
friday so freakin happy today was an annoying day  buuut weekend! tgif<3
yep  it'll be awesome to the max =] haha
_ heading off to poole around 4ish,  has some serious gardening to do before we go, no tweetdeck til sunday evening,
too sick for rigging tomorrow.
have to go to the dreaded dmv tomorrow
is on her way to nottingham! icof tonight, then no more gigs umtil download. fail
how are you?
- that jasper clip is my first 'favorite' twitter message.
hey! r u back in la right now?what was ur favorite part bout europe? i've never been out of the country xcept canada  xo jenna
@_handz_ it was quiet.... unfortunatly but what the hell it's good the chill out too right?
i wish i could have time for my xbox  project all tied
your right.... how was your trip
_ember yay! thanks.  cover-i sad ang alist please. )
yay i love it when you host money for breakfast jenna lee  4hrs of you the amazing and so pretty and sexy jenna lee yay.
gutted. the kitchen is empty literally empty. no even kidding. i'm so hungry
darn, i thought you meant white sox.
_jtv what! i was only gone for 30 minutes and you're already showing boobage without me?
i just got through doing my work now i can take the whole day off, its great being your own boss
poor you lmao, just stick your head out the window!
etherreal was my main preoccupation. now it's etherreal's preoccupation... humm... me ? schizophrenic ?
dohh! is it old? i had never heard it.. i'm so last year..
instrumentalists like to give singers a hard time. but the vocalist's job is the toughest when he/she is sick.
just got the nashville ihop staff to hit the dougie with me and mayne. what a **** night
i miss matt today
4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30
feeling tempted by high volume of jeeps to start an 'acura wave'. me too!
inorite, humid as well
heading back home with a win!
my stomach hurts
good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great
i really wish i could
i'm very conflicted here.  i really like mike but i still have feelings for darrin.  it's really complicated.  i don't know what to do.
i cant
yes, maybe, but for today, i write
noticed that yesterday too...i'm actually really happy about that  #startrek
....back to a frizz head again
okay so yesterday was good went food shopping, cooked some chicken tacos and bakes some cookies!!!  now i am back at work.
looking at our photo shoot pics...check out our myspace pics to see them...i love them all...
i had walkathon this morning.  and i'm among the first who arrived at the finishing line!
little beetle not feeling any love  searches are bring up zilch, bar 2 peeps that appear funny !!!
thank ye, vaneta.  much appreciated
bitter?  why? *hug* ****
went 2 see the hannah montana movie wiv jodie on friday and it was well good but i feel nasty for laughing at the lil girl that cryed lol
[URL] - saw a family of five get out of this motor home and into laundromat to clean clothes and bedding
lol me too. going out at 12am isn't as easy as it used to be
quite a few. peacocks and oceanographer's choice are my new favorites to play
yeahhh! u've got plenty of great fans!! and in spain too! u should come and play a gig here!!
i'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!
ugh! nothing to do in the valley  seriously gotta move out of here!!!
no! keyboard cat is/has been dead for years! play yourself off, keyboard cat.
will do
that was delicious! lets have a walk sometimes with you and your hubby.. and others! me misses you
sorry jj i missed that post  i'll make sure do so next time.
28deg c in here, all this tech in my room does have the major downside of a lot of heat, doesn't help its hot outside 2
wow the last hour of twittering that i've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me...
squabbling with people over the internet is great for my tumblarity, but bad for my ego when they have more internet friends than me
will do hun. yes yes.
_leigh thank you,!  just trying to stay in a positive head space to keep pushing through it all. how's things at your end?
exam is commmmmiinnnnnggggggg !
enjoyed this week off work, back next week
i'm come and try to find you and be your fan too
hey i know ya dont know me but i wanted to say yopu have helped me a lot i was over in iraq and i wanted to thank you
feeling very tierd! too much college work!!!!!!
mmm...reconsituted meat products and week-old veggies...gotta love that rehydrated warm milk for breakfast
oh no  say it aint so
i hope he does ; join  and you'll find one
thank god for some overcast and ivory. trying to get my mom to take me out to lunch egh doesnt look like its gonna work.
cant thank you enough, who is nitin between?
sadly we were too late for traceycakes, but we got them elsewhere- not the same but still yummy. tea w wee on wknd!
well piss on that. i can't get into their site @ work nor does it come thru on my phone.
[URL] - this is post guitar hero **** kicking
i dont like #kde since ver. 4.0 its like vista  #fail
just woke up. making breakfast
[URL] - my formerly pretty car
just thought about my hubby being deployed n now i got the blues  i need a stiff drink but i'm breastfeeding so no booze for me :/ ugh!!
i need some motivation in my life, oh and some love would be nice too
welcome
i can't wait to start my weekend. i'm so sick of working, i have to self-medicate, and i'm fresh out of herb
_itx no credits for me unfortunately!
it's ugly and gray outside even in san diego. not too cold, will get to 70, but may-gray june-gloom for us all
i so know what you mean
cookies are good
he loved it, so happy birthday!!!   he said you sounded like a mixture of john lennon, chrissie hynde, and janis joplin.
_griffiths there was a good atmos. i decided to stay til closing, very funny!
supporting superfly all the way
i would lime them. or lemon?  and deal, sounds fabulous to me!  text me up when you're back
why don't you make me feel like you used to
how about we start with a true franchise online mode. dynasty was huge, madden online league not so much
im having trouble finding really yummy egg free ice-cream   #favoriteicecream - got any recommendations anyone?
on my tea break  cant wait to drive home tonite!!
is watching mock the week and is slowing cooking
unfortunately i didn't leave the house in time
is twubbing again
when da heck will the garage man get here i ask you.. when..
o.k i feel like i need to cry now  i can't believe that in less than 2 years ill be walking across the stage to get a high school diploma!
just got a ipod touch  downloading apps for it now.
hey, hey, happy mother's day!  [URL]
- ****. lol on friday.? its now saturday here lol. im in australia
_alfradique no fun   well hopefully you don't have much more to go...
night all!! i'm trying to get to bed early for once...well as early as 1:40 can be for a normal person...
mothers day...love you madre   chels tonight. cant wait for her to see her present!
conference call with hp.  they gave me an invalid pass code so i can't attend
it's 3:37 am, i am going to sleep now. but i be back up in 4 hours...lol. good night
what are some good places to eat in los angeles, want to try something different today
fuze was giving away capes at komen's race for the cure today! and i'd always love a hug from you hun!
i'm suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but i can't get up
my 3yo just woke and groggily walked over to my office.  is now sleeping in my lap
the lab informs me the logic board is dead as well. it is farking expensive to replace. i don't know what to do.  #mypowerbookg4rip
we just hit 10000 views on myspace! thanks everyone!
still sick  bout to play some ps3 till the laker game starts
it will be my second year that i will not be there
eatin dinna, herd tom brady not movin 2 fast
i'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast....
i woke up this morning thinking it is saturday
i have both her cds and know them both by heart. really, tal, you think you can intro me to country music?!
glad you like it  took around 2 and a half hours, would have been less but i kept stopping for food breaks haha  i was
last class at 10:30. one final tomorrow and 2 finals on friday!
lao mein and spanikopita haha you would have to be here to know
ps: wish i were coming tonight.
i hate feeling like this about him  i need a break away from everyone... as soon as exams are over i'm defo off to portsmouth for a bit
my head hurts....  can wait to see the new photoshoot!!!!!!!
goodmorning everyone
what did you think of the finale?  i thought it was kind of a cheap way out
i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away
long day of dancin, travelin, and celebrating life  happy mothers day!!
why am i always the one on time. they are always late. i wanna sleep. i miss mere.
i want an invite - sick of seeing all these links for people playing and being left out
it's 12am! ,  and i are still up, sending you as much tweets as we can! philippines tour please?
i miss my puppy
are they abusing your service? manual follower management is a pain. i love the style.
in san jose.   having good time w/ bros.  also helped dad edit next  holy land brochure. wish i could go!
is excited about tomorrow!!! but i gotta clean the house  clean clean clean ahhhhhhh
how's the fam? well i hope.
>>why did the blonde keep failing her drivers license test-------->>>>>everytime they stopped, she jumped in the back seat.
come to rochester with me and nikki. beer and a hog roast always helps.
thank you!
is slowly crunching the reality that june is fast approaching. in other words, classes again, and another year will be added to my age.
so i guess we r sleepin over.
he put a **** mohawk in my son head.....he just killed my vibe as always
well, she's getting through.
no kickboxing classes today  pretty bummed. still going to work out hard. [URL]
all alone for the weekend!
wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair
poor dead josh.  [URL]  please leave your messages of condolences there.  #boy #rip
watching the rain and reminiscing about the time when everytime it rained i was with the love of my life.
got a sunburn from coney island bike ride
hey i didn't get the email yet
this is how much hair falls off everytime i shower. it's more sad than disgusting  [URL]
pff, life sucks sometimes!
wish i had a laptop charger so i could tweet faster
show time baby! bye bye for now tweeters
how was your chicken and chips?
waaah, asshat at cvs yesterday shortchanged me  i paid 10$ for chips.
happy mom's day!  here in spain it was last sunday!! any hint of when the first single will be out on radio? lym!!  mini
nope, kicked that habit more then a year ago
not sexy with 2 tubes sticking out of my stomach  but thanks !
up early this morning, first to portmeirion then home
listening to david archuleta album it's amazing
aww...thats a bummer
i dont wanna im to spanish today
missin the #ia2009 guys really
lol haha very funnyyy lol im talking to my bestfriend ashleyyyy!!!
yep, good morning to you all  or night or evening or whatever xd
workk! yay
it is certainly spring in vail, co.  it is raining and snowing!  doesn't mother nature know the mountain is closed for the ski season!
_hameron i've seen those already. i link them in my lj post.
aww, thank you soulmate! haha.
cars,,,,cars....cars.....i need one. ha ha. the one i found last night, that i wanted so bad! is now sold. and not to me
(re:'your joint w/  is crazy!!') thx    hey trax heard a 49er rear ended you??
_za thanks man. i can't wait
can you fedex me some pizza? i have to cancel my nyc trip until later this summer
i haven't started packing
i've been to best buy & target and still no electrik red album! i'm loosing hope..they've never even heard of the girls
i was sent home yest from work, when in again today but feel like hell and burning up with a high temp, got it off hubby
great exercise for a sunday morning: 'stopping the wheel of karma' (r.a.w.) and transforming negativity into love... life!
now i like #startrek. personal feels that #startrek movie is better than #xmen.
yes yes yes lotsa fun  i cant wait. dont like make up with shaun too much in front of me tho cos ill get awkard haha
that ur anti is what i understood from the message. sorry left off ur don't vote bnp msg at end due 2 space
thank you kirst - your posts on running inspired me
i wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
gonna go and see my sister at mount saini ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
okay someplease save me!!! now i am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night
i'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!!
happy mothers day 2 me
why is looking for girls names easier than looking for boys
excellent point.
oh and twas my very brilliant idea if i do say so myself  what can i say i'm an ideas woman
that's actually not too far from the truth
good morning! 'return to willen island - spring has most definitely sprung' ... [URL] ... enjoy
watching one fine day while eating my cereal. start a good sunday with a good movie
concord & irvine, ca only. that's it for '09.
omg sore shoulder
you're welcome! cutie-pie kiddo.. in your picture btw  love those shades!
-g'mornin' twitterville  took the day off from tweet'n yesterday & i'm 'jonesing' to get back into it today
goin ta bed now!   goodnite jessica
lmao you witty wacko...loves it
i refuse to get excited as i don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between june 11 - 28 or i'd die
'if i don't believe in him, why would he believe in me?' -bring me the horizon  a chill goes down my spine whenever i hear that line.
@_xotashhh i love having days off school, i had one on friday too
u never sent me carrie. ur an ****. but an **** that i miss
booooo  my senior yearbook sucks thanks for the memories bhs -___-
heyy terrence u should come to my school on may 29th for our talent show
theres too much light pollution to see the stars
sick n tired of people who steal other people's work
back to bed
i'm having trouble viewing it as well on you tube for some reason
if i wasnt workin in 5 hours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up...that is how **** i feel
#warmfuzzies to you, my friend
@_supernatural_ [URL] - i really miss her.
happy sunday all
please let me know if it is allright de i need to know but first just wake up a little and enjoy the cofee  ****
well maybe someone will care
awww, that wasn't very nice.
slaving away at work
for us tweeps, don't forget to call your mom today...
fml just ran a mile.. and i just got scraped by my yearbook and i got 1/10 on my math test. eff today
haha i agree ! i am her test dummy. i just go in and say 'do whatever you want' and i always love it.  she is magic!
****, i dont have 2 work saturday, & i was suppose 2 hang out with my friend & watch it. we can still hang out but no jonas =
going to tmobile  i need a new phone this g1 is so not working for me anymore
raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! must leave for work in 6 minutes...
there you go.
ooo yuk !! thats not good im retching as we tweet
120mm films usually handled at fuji  oh i met a girl at san diego. kwento soon. i miss youuu!
lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!!
that seized bolt, ya it's still stuck! the bushing is actually seized to the bolt, very very lame   perhaps some heat will work?
hearing that my songs brighten someone's day always makes me grin.
where r all the 5am tweets from  people...oh that's right...they opened the #houseofrock last night so they're still in bed
working on canada shoots information.  coming your way soon if you have expressed interest and i have your email address . eh!!!
mrs.bates left
hates having broken wrist and has pe next ugh
watching snl with guess justin timberlake...omg! he is too funny!  hahahah
last day of cgi 09
who to say hi to and who to buy a shot to. lol. jk.
thank you! i was just playing that a moment ago, actually! a very different, even more chill version.  *spooky*! haha.
well off 2 bed...cant wait 2 party 4 mother's day in like 14 hours or so
is gonna be mad hungry when i get home. forgot my money...
so when are you guys coming to alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...i had great seats
hey plz look > [URL] < what do u think? plz tell me
#bouvierb-day is on trending topics. ahh happy birthday pierre bouvier
[URL]  the come apart easy enough
sadly  brother told me there are no skateparks where he lives. bummer!
tell x to email me pics! officialshew
heaos keen for next weekend.        mummy. <3
i hate stupid boys! arrgh
hi ms. fussy  *waves*
i hope you didn't take that quote personally!! i've been throwing them out here and there all day-guess i shoulda waited a bit
at 's with
sounds like you're having a great time
you spelled my name wrong, but message received   [URL]
email those pics on ur labtop to me...  i wana put one of them as my background!  [URL]
british expat tweet tommy and the giant sprout: especially for fly  as part of sprout seaso.. [URL]
and im just going into work... if we were married, we wud never see each other
weird! maybe all the updates just aren't being sent to my phone  haha
[URL] - we were at a sleepover, and nobody stops me when there's a camera in my hand
i wish it would rain...but it won't
amazing day with my boyfriend. he's a good drummer.
pansy  wtf codeh?!
i should have know that 'extra hand' comment would cause trouble...  about to upload house music and beyond vol. 3
going to i don't know where with taylor,dolton,jacob, chris and my sister.
just got back from a run & i'm feeling grrrrrreeeeeaat!!!
how come?
yes  and i want you to keep going if you would ;)
sunburn ouch
fun times ~ that's my friends beer!  here's the pic'  [URL]
it appears i'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing...
the graduation ceremony should be starting about now. i really wish i could be there.
hahaha omg i only got 3 hrs of sleep
- i love you!!!! you make me so happy!!!!
thanks for sending the link.
arrrr better half made me brekkie in bed. weather not 2 gud in black country 2day but we won't let it put the dampers on our planned bbq
wish u could rub my head too
_hodges yup. their loss.
i'm sad...i'll miss you grandma angie.. you were always like a 3rd grandma to me..
ohhhh that reminds me. i know it's not one of yours.... can you send me some of my toothpaste?
_in_love scanton?! that's farrr  elaine got her cartilage pierced! it's so cute!
wake up..... please.
would applaud self-validation for all sorts of good theological, psychological & sociological reasons. but agree - lighten up!
really... i'm an alumnus, and i don't know myself! and we didn't have macs yet when i was there...
im sorry
it rained here too
lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
these messages are teasing me! it isnt fair.
no way to comment on site unless you are a member
you asked about my sf schedule, dahling...maybe next time
ack! i just read about your show  that's horrible!!! no accounting for taste.
... thx for ur msg, so awesome!  luv the new single! xoxo
why does urban outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive.
last week  and i interviewed  and we told him you are the fb queen! glad to see you both connected
and i was just gonna ask you if you wanted to go to club hidden house on sat night. hehe.
headed back to baltimore tonight
i've been well, thx. just getting up for an early morning meeting and wondering why i agreed to it. don't like getting up early
writing or making sense ?
5500 words and counting.  my hands hurt
_ when they don't pop well. i feel lousier after playing those.
i just laughed out loud on the bus reading your statement of ethics. people moved away. he he he.
can you play i wish by jordan knight
hi x your websites soo cool i love using it  thank you
ordered my new shirt
pretty soon gonna have to unfollow myself from _words to cut the quickly growing 'habit' ... but i do love the challenge!
omggg. i just heard someone is gonna die on the new season of the secret life of the american teenager  noooo.
cant find my shoes. :/ hope its as bad as itll get 2nite.  im happy.
i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this!
got all a's
i know i told him i didnt want him to stay home with me but i lied, i really did want him to stay home with me
not happy
_gaba haha i think we should let the topic drop now. a quick poll would settle the matter if you don't believe me
i wish i can see clips of your show that you hosted. hottie shawn in the 80's! and yes your still a hottie!
but on the bright side...no school
i must have viewed that picture of me and  from saturday morning about a milling times  x
is listening & watching both my boys on guitar heroes
i have turned into a fast food ****
i hate not getting e-mail's  going to do other stuff now...ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold :s) soooo night xxxx
_rockstar umm how bout em?..aint get 2 see da game  but i see dey survived anotha game of da series due to notin but lebron im guessin
hey  i tried callin u but it wont let me
now i am depressed after watching so you think you can dance
home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
life should be exciting today but someone very close to me has mardy bum and its starting to rub off on me!!
misses nanny.
_allison catch you later terry....
kyle is cody's wee bro!
oh you understand french?  well, maybe i exxagerated it a little bit lol but they all want at least 1/2 years of exp. :-/
pea plants!
thinks castles are fun
at anthony's for prom.
home! day scale from one to ten is an 8  **** i feel old compare to him, haha so cute.
i will move anywhere as long as it has a freaking dishwasher! i despise doing dishes
im doing ok.  i have a 15 year old going on 35 that is driving me crazy, but that comes with the territory, i guess.
poor kella is on meds now for an ear infection; she lost her food all over  twice at the doc's
yes, have to be right for church
trying to find someone to go to the mall with.
dhellohannah5 can you please follow me  i need more followers haha
hm...still workin on my contract.hmm...i'm feelin awful..
i totally forgot my phone at home this morning
proud 17-year-old here that loves the carpenters!!!
feels sick to my stomach and idkk whyy
off to work i go
so cute you twitting in potuguese!
hey bud, we just shot you an email
good. yeah i am fine thanks. just dreading history tomorrow, not in the mood for hyperactive 20 year olds lmao
ew.  sorry zach
i know. im just kidding
[URL] - aww .... then we wonder why they hate us later..... lol!!
round 2
i hate it when my bff is groundedd  boooooooooo
the star trek in imax wasn't in 3d, but it was huge on the screen.  still worth watching.
tis me sharonp...
getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
**** i shouldnt have left!
is missing the fun she had with _army at eclipse 3  #sarmy #sarmy #sarmy
_law_rence &  why?! my head feels like the surface of the sun  underneath a beaver pelt.
loved 'drag me to hell' and 'up'...yeah my spend the day studying plan didn't happen
[URL] - forgot how much i like this song
aww... me too
having a cup of tea
i'll have to wait for the youtube links
finished watching episode 4&5 of ruby metaprogramming screencasts. lots of cool tips, great! but need to more coding practices to master.
going to twitter in english, for my foreign followers
_city tell brandon i said hi!!
i love the site what a hoot, really enjoy the hair cuts in thailand, always try to time ir just right, thanks for the tip
not made it to work  couldn't get up feelin blurgh
i have it.  hehehehe u want the torrent?
on way back home after a crazy night on the coast
my throat hurts and i can't sleep.
wow, hugh jackman totally bulked up for wolverine. so so movie...but helloooo nurse! he's dreeaamy  yup, my crushed spirit is on the mend.
_amr i'm here  haha
im depressed on this pretty day  everyone either is doing something or can't...bleh -.-
the rain outside motivates me to sleep.
ok i just spent like ï¿½50 on soundtracks, a galaxy class starship and eve online. sigh
hey buck!!!!  love u loads!! love 'what the buck?!'
wow, my bed is so comfy & my nap has been much too short. getting up for work = do not want.
..exams.  haha just remembrd the china buffet king yesterday. vair amusing ....
hmmm dollhouse sounds pretty good, [URL]  i think ima download it and try watching it
and if i lived in usa i would gotto 2 go to  106 park ma aunty lives in nyc the bronx grrr
**** these nig*s is all on me, but they won't get this...'not without a check!' lmfao
sftw & pot of tea
thanks do the invite though
you looked absolutely beautiful and elegant.
_brown thank you so much natalie, hope u are well
please send me those youtube links, erin watched most of them but i was cooking and didn't get to see the cowboys
that didn't work, unfortunately.
early morning walkies really aren't my thing... at least it's vaguely warm
get it right! i think i am obsessed with hydes' voice @_@  i've chosen a guitar song to learn for the summer! time to perfect picking!
good prices for bulk sms and premium sms too  [URL]
is heading in to london to meet with  and  let us know if you're about  still not sure what time we're meeting.....
actually, the post shows they know what happens when you overflow...
what's worse than a fever and sore throat? cancelling a trip to see your little bro because of a fever and sore throat.
the case of the gigolo's picolo?
_92 yeah im okayy lots been happening while you not been here !! anyone special at the moment ? ****
reconnecting with amadeus and friends
yea!  headed home to change and head over to pelham.  sad thought... suposed to be heading over there for the nkotb concert...
black is good... tight, or should i say too tight, not so good.
aw it says the pic doesn't exist anymore
today, i did't have lunch, cuz wel i embarrass my self with all 'school'  ok, final tests and final year aaaaa! thanx god 4 that friends!
is eating chocolate ready break
my newsreader is filling up with blogs  yay! keep pm'ing me your blog sites. i love reading them!
testing out ymtumbkr on my iphone  [URL]
home alone and no one left me any gummy bears
back from melly's party... i had fun...  i'm sleepy now...
haha...yay!!! i'm cured!!!!
i guess she's not the type of songwriter who dreams the great ones.
i know...  it's already been two weeks!
sick, sick, sick. this sucks. i can't even breathe properly
adding names to my twitter account and learning how to use this amazing thing!
ooh thats an early start  ive got bed planned for that time..ha..loveyoujonesy ****
it's allright pastor, jiayou for the book!!
booo my best friend is leavin for the weekend. what ever will i do without her??
oh my god! oh my god! oh my god! new supernatural starts tonight!  new sam and dean! oh my god! can't breathe!  <3 <3
is never around for the sl100 quiz   i want water park tickets waaaa
hey, did his wife die? i am really confused. i hadn't been on his myspace in a little while, but i just read his twit.
i am kind of excited to go to school today. i dont know why. hopefully it will be a good day
doing a rainbow and unicorn film then?  #48hours
i keep reading contracts as cataracts... someone should bring me panera
guess who has internet at her house? *raises hand* and it's not dial up.
my friend ..has cancelled on me for tomorrow, now i have nothing to do...this makes me sad...  xxxxxx
ugh but i n33d t0g0 bad..
are y'all coming out today??? we could go to the graveyard!!  hoorayy!!!!!
my hair won't turn whiiite
unfortunately i'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  i have had alot though as u can imagine haha
yeah prbly pickin up songs for singstar. haven't checked the last few store updates. and dunno that cranberries song.
tonight was a very bad night
bristol's is the ish! i love their brunch on sundays. ruth chris is good too but i got sick there once.
all mom's in the world congratulations
but better hurry, so you wouldn't be labeled as copycats
is sooooo hungry right now! should've eaten before this wedding.
welcome to twitter my friend
at    happy mother's dayyy deniseee <3
ben & jerry's fail. got email for free ice cream. says click here to redeem coupon. when i click, i get error message
has anyone else seen this? the  dm notification email says 'reply on we web.' i am all for cool accents, but it's weird online
yayayyayayay toy story 3 is coming out. june 18, 2010 though
i'm straining to hear but it's very hard from all the way over here.
awwwh u stuck in traffic  booo!
fear not! you deserve alot, you care for animals. )) i'll get some food, don't worry!
living it up at empire hotel...free bottle service. it rocks having connections
google wave presentation: [URL]  i'm not very impressed. it's nice, but it's not really for me
same to you bud. kudos on your hardcore gym training, it's a great lifechanging experience, keep it up!!!
- brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i don't catch u again later. gotta ck something
i still miss him... and i dont think he's coming back
dude, was that you in the new star trek burger king commercial? bud light and burger king? so proud of u man.
mad as hell! someone stole my pink & black leapord print pumps i wanted to wear today  but to god be the glory, he'll bless me abundantly
you didnt include taylor in the 'follow friday'
i got the new silverstein cd. aha. its amazing.  i highly recomend it.
chris came over for exactly one hour  i moped around after he left and ended up falling asleep.
i'm a bum today
went to the cd store to search for the cd. but
a big welcome to twitterlandz grrl! really wish i could have made it to the bettie show,  glad to hear it was a success
<----------- is listening the **** out of lamb of god
spilled chocolate milk in my car
my hubby.  promised job promotion so we didn't move, signed a new lease n they withdrew the promotion...
plus i just deposited tax return cheque but for first time in 7+ years it didn't clear immediately
love getting gifts in the mail from my very wonderful friends back home!! how i miss myrtle beach so much... a little homesick today
tomorrow is going to be sooo awkward & embarassing. lights & sounds last night was awesome
still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  my mom made things worse.  i don't even want her, but it's still odd
a band from hawaii with a sublime sound, so all you sublime haters can just move along  ? [URL]
hockey was so fukinï¿½ good  **** you hole! xd
shop smart.  shop s mart.
yes, that's what i meant... i don't have anything to turn it into hirigana, though.
that is incredibly sweet!!!! what a good hubby...
caught tweets on it and got home in time for the last 5 mins of the itv2 show!! #bgt out tonight too so will miss it again
off to lunch with all the people from aikido
too bad i can't come!  enjoy urself tho.
watching et today!  <3 supposed to have a clip from new moon  hating drag me to hell
oh my god. i literally drove in rain that was so hard that i couldn't see in front of me. i'm shaking
me to mi sausage
got a sniffle, got the kids and hubby just left to work in sydney for the weekend, boo hoo
house probably resembling your kind of heaven no?  maybe ciaran's angels have moved in with you, hence inability to locate!
good to hear... several of my peeps are working tonight...
i hope so too.  how are you?
actually, i think i'll be more upset if i lost my data for cake mania 3. i was pretty far into the game
boo....up dlp is sold out for 8:30
just saw star trek! it was amazing! seriously, so good. the entire cast was excellent, spock and kirk especially.  i want to see it again.
aww  but we miss you here in the usa.
its seriously quiet and lonely here without bunny
rotc brought a climbing wall to work for coworkers to try and climb if they wanted.  i forgot my climbing shoes at home today.
ok. break over. back to the books. have fun lovelies!  ? [URL]
downing a glass of ginger ale and then relishing an early evening in bed with 'because i said so' on lifetime.
watching fireworks off the bay bridge.
_x yepp.  do you like dylan or cole better?
still freakin out about missing the game!!!  #jonasnewsongs
yeah, its still totally in the high 60s here. soooo notlooking forward to aug and sept up here
dang  i left my rolando's dinner leftovers at home! i knew i should have put them in the shop fridge last night before we left downtown!
no worries
so sad i'm going to miss seeing pennywise again this year
haha. thanks shannon.  3 out of 5 boats got first.
if you're watching this...i love you.' i almost died. but now...she means nothing!
woke up an hour early just to study for        a test
they open at 9 a.m.   and i hope to be there shortly after that.   no guarantees for me though!
is at work....  boo!  the pin-ups will be playing at uncommon ground wednesday night at 9 p.m.! (1401 w. devon ave., chicago 60660
has just got out the shower
he's back! meeting him in 40 mins
even ie8 would be better
it is, pinkwind is a thing from vanessa's dad. and my sister made me that sn in the 4th grade
i cant change my profile picture on facebook
she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing
omgoodness finally back from dinner with the fam bam!
was just about to try and  dl the sims 3 but realize my pc don't meet the standard requirements  i need new pc lol!!!
is happy  and clean, squeaky clean
don't chase me - shea fisher download it
hmm...whilst, walking through the city i received an inviataion into an suv limo via some prom fellows... don't they have dates? oh boys!
sickkk, it's been two days since summer started and it suck already!
at an 80''s retro prom wishing he was here to dance with!  i'm gonna miss his great dancing 2nite  but still having a blast & a few drinks
why i chose iphone   [URL]
i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh
adams morgannnn for jumbo slice
_bloody_poet what's the matter?
has a name label on his picture too.. i just hadnt added it in when i took this: [URL] picture..
still need to see that movie ! i am all about vampires
have a happy friday and weekend everyone .. tgif for me is nothing
yeah, i've seen that before, funny   *hey honey, jill just sent me a **** in a box*
- jt on snl tonight.
studio ghibli for this year; ponyo! [URL] as always it seems to be perfect  we'll be waiting till august for it
is going to sleep. tomorrow exam review
brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...i feel sad and sick, i'm afraid he's been eaten by something.    it doesn't look  good
missing nate more than usual tonight
anyone got an ffe account? if so.. add me
i'll be one of your 'groovy guys' any time, shortie short  #photofollows
birthday tomorrow. doing jack **** all weekend
how come i can never sleep past?? not good
just snuck out my window.. now im laying on my roof looking at the stars. its a nice night out tonight.
i just downloaded a ton of stunning, beautiful wallpapers from www.interfacelift.com - go have a look.
this one goes out to jimmy fallon and justin timberlake...doin' their gibb bros show on snl  ? [URL]
to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't know the news  but thats ok. brb x
cannot relaxing because she have to practice for her graduation
'patchouli oil & incense had a surge in popularity in the 1960s & 1970s, mostly among devotees of the free love & hippie lifestyles.'
hi  godd day eweryone im in a reel good mood to day
whoo, bgt!! i really must multi-task and do my art work at the same time though, back at college on monday!!
_ according to mick jagger, hindu ragas are more sfs sort of music
it takes a big man to type a sad tweet like that!
better than throwing them out
i was going to but i'm stuck with it as i seem to have misplaced my remote  it's extra bad tonight as well :|
big thanks melody!  gotta love that sunshine-lots of vit d
i got baby g wach its zi same as the 1 lady gaga wears in eh eh film clip but in pink!! i love you kay thanks a heap  i win olivia
hey! let's follow each other! wouldn't that just be awesome!?
loving the shoes perez, looking fine as always  oh,and lady gaga, what can i say. outstanding!
this evening,picking up n'pop and go for dinner at ta lum tum tum (som-tum),major avenue..decided to go home(not clubing tonite)..
paper writing til my heart's content
awww such a sweetie. hope your mom has a wonderful mother's day too
yeah dude. mike is out
it's a great movie - my best is the welsh flatmate
i got a headache because of all the hard work today, still not ready, with a #heineken trying to finished up
rachel is going to have lunch at baixa. and has a lot of stuffs to do.... wanna come ?
just got to the gym but w/no energy
im sad i cant go. it makes me sad
same. was going to try warm milk but i'm lactose intolerant  haha.
is my picture showing?
about to take my mum out for jewellery shopping and a coffee for mothers day
so who is in for bring at hk lounge tomorrow ? $12 all you can drink till 5pm... then kareoke. i think it will be a nice sunday!
oh ****! i completely forgot about thirsty thursday! oh. my. gaga. this sucks
i wanna feel my chin
i do but is just a haul vid/photo slideshow only. i only do it for fun  [URL]
feeling so great!
ahhhhhhhh!i can't get miley to notice me......
coffee brewing, on this #musicmonday morning i'm #listening to the fray... here's to a good week
i wanna be @ jet in the mirage...     couldn't get to hawaii either   *****someday***** much love to the_wockeez and supercr3w
just finished yet another amazing book by susan elizabeth philips!!!  god i love her books so much!!! which one to read next??? hmmm...
_o_c i'm seriously screwed  i haven't studied at all!!!! :'(
well being a retired drummer i can do my own drum roll so all you need to do is read my posts since they take a ton of time  lol
being new to twitter?!?!?
tired as heck, i wanna go home and sleep but i cant cause im have to be at the wash till my daddy gets off work.
is surfin'..
did you see star trek? now i can't sleep.........too much action. can't wind down!!!
i got a freakin macbook!!!!! hoorayyy! but i freakin deleted phootbooth.
ok. over exagerrated. twitter is not to bad.... i guess.
happy mothers day!  tell ur mom that's she an awesome madre & such a great example to the archuleta familia!!
good morning to you, however it's night time for me, so i am off to bed *hugs* have a great day
but i do know is that i am extremely happy with him and wouldn't change him for the world and don't want anybody else.
getting the fab portraits ready to upload today
you have dsl? welcome to 2009!
missing my mom today. we made it a 'date' every year to get our flowers together. this yr i was alone. felt so weird
its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming.
we've got a pool still boxed up because i need to level a suitable patch of ground before we can set it up.
[URL] - ooo i wish i was her  he's hot
i have a new found respect for you now that i know you know the konami code!
at work at the mo and it's so sunny here today   off to see a band tonight!!
ace @ the exams!
it's sooo hot 2day!! put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though!
my name is jason, but sunshine works too.
took my forum access away   fail.
lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upset, just an fyi.
hahaha! guess you will have to reinforce your skates, haha... remember who u r my friend, our semi-god with a gluten intolence
yeah i want to know what that is too!
the day goes on and on...i think im gonna write a song about it! still thinking itï¿½s impossible for me to get a true friend  why????
omg i meant  <3 you're the perfect wolverine,sir  hehe
hanging out with my babyy
not yet.... too early in the am
_tron oh god, whose tire?
i am the only arabic girl who's online  every one is  a sleep ..
i ate something i don't know what it is... why do i keep telling things about food
good morning... iï¿½m soooo tierd
_n where can i get some?
just wanna be there tonight
it's only 10:30 and i am going to bed! brain can't focus at all.. need a fresh new start. i pray that god grants me a fresh tomorrow.
very well, nothing flash - but different to chocolate 4 a change. good 2 meet u yesterday  gr8 atmosphere & discussion
i took my antibiotics and i still feel like ****
how can you guys lived in a city (paris)where u spend you entire life in the trafficjam...grrrr ...m' not used to it anymore
...nomore adventure time
happy bank holiday monday, tweeteramas! i'll be spending the day doing yoga and having ocd attacks. you?
laura's gone for the weekend, i miss her already!
had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of n  have the house to myself til noon
whuuurrrrr - glands really swollen now. guess the weekend's a blow out.
all my spare time seems 'twill be spent doing homework this weekend.
lazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzy monday !! bank holiday  nicole why haven't u direct msged me yet ?!!!
yummy yum-cha for mother's day with mum, dad, arcel and egg-pants  yuuuuuum  [URL]
5 things this twitterer could do without  [URL] src  / i like this guy.
i wanna be at bea as well!!!!   #bea09
lol -catch me if u can
stupid wireless!!
hahaah! crys, you blowing the fuses is a typical move
spirit week! tuesday have to be in make up by eight so i can die later. school wednesday and thursday then, finally sleep in on friday!!
[URL] - ready for our 3d jonas brothers experience. real brothers, not included
has a saw thumb from playing virtua tennis...
we're off.  i'm sorry. parents coming in around 10-11, gonna eat with them, then house-hunt in richardson. raaaain cheeeck
just saw a dooope bmw 6 series parked with the top back....to bad it was raining
laundry time and lots of it!
ha ha, no, will be thankful i am not dragging them up a mountain today
had a great time with mpix shootout, just great  thanks mpix...
weather is lovely, i'm headed home via supermarket. planning to spend some quality time knitting tonight.
sad ending to the softball season.
women in science & technology conference in la jolla - what an interesting day!  met some really great people!
_ well their not gonna fit her in with this big long advertisement
musem equaled fail!!!!! hall of **** life was closed cause of construction
just joined a twibe. visit [URL] to join -- not a spinner myself but do know and respect spinners   ...need coffee
[URL] i'm gonna miss these guys so much  thanks for making the 5 years at senior school amazing!
@_freya good night
if this rain doesnt go away, i'm staying in bed all week til mommy gets here
. very much enjoyed your 'whats in a name' article
yeahh
4 hours till mothers day party  yeah!
arrr bummer  who do you want to win?
eating my roommate's cereal. sorry bro
good news about the tooth!
yeah, i'm behind on my classic cinema calendar-making. i haven't had time to go see any anyway.
aww the little girl on britain's got talent!  i actually love ant n dec!  oh an' simon cowell. ;)
is done with classes for her freshman year.
it was amazing but due to time constraints could only visit the meadows and pine forest. shall post images later.
[URL] press previous on that page.
what's wrong with dr.phil? i shamefully loved his show when i was able to watch it.
love me love me say that you love me...
why didn't my favorite spotters last tweet go to my phone
eeek!! your coming!!!! im soo excited to see you on thursday!!
__ thanks. it's so annoying!
i am tired of my phone. walkman works like a charm, but l need better video and wap really. thanks for yesterday and for buying my album
i have the biggest crush on pink but she doesn't know i'm alive
happy mother's day everyone
emergency radio for iphone is awesome, listening to johnson county sheriffs live scanner stream
thanks so much for the belated #followfriday shout out #payingitforward
mommas day is may 10th! don't forget to do something nice for your mommyyy
**** brah, u not happy?
hah i'ma knock on wood but my pc has never crashed yet..nor my laptop  but then i'm careful with stuff so maybe that's y
is in history
happy birthdayyy! hope you have an awesome day. didn't see you at next last night!
an oprah guest if ever i saw one  [URL]
haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! but it made me look gross
new delerium's music video ([URL] mixed by tiesto. i guess bill leeb finally forgot his music's roots
we are at alexander. just had a 3 course dinner and i am wearing someone elses red wine
nice days like this make me miss alki
_fizz he's really not into new people  i dunno em but he said he'd try
at the  concert! i hope  makes a guest appearance
aren't we though? lol he's at work now and i miss him  blah wut cha up to?
i keep trying to invite  out, but i think she's afraid of me.
thanks for the #followfriday as you can see us south africans were on holiday on fri
ahhh!!!! u know what really sucks??? i sprained my toe!! ouch!!
july!!!!
which denomination? i'm at the library and everything's blocked.
emoticons by christian. '  ' [URL]
good luck at the services tomorrow!! i wish i could see you guys on your vacation!
hey, sorry i got off last night!
yo thomas! thanks for the follow  social media director at disney? that's awesome! i'd like to learn more! lets do lunch
gosh i miss singer's theater.  i miss learning music, doing acting exercises, n i especially miss being onstage.
good episode of top gear tonight.
awhile ago it freaking hot! now it's wet  turn off!
it's not sad. to tweet is to twitter, not someone misspronouncing a word kto make it fit a card.  i would have tweeted it.
ta babe, you know me i do love your curried
nooooo!!!!! dont you dare! lol =( im gonna cry  i <3 your hair!
not found: the thing i was looking for
so sad i have to pay $60
i made a vid for you proving my skills that you denied but my step dad said he'd disown me if i posted it ~   sowey
aww you are so helpful  we getting sweepy here, sis says we can have whipped cream before bed , i save u some
perth - ford - falcon - 1997 - $3,500  - new ad received and will be posted on the hcc site soon
doneeee wheeee hahaaaaaaaa so tired and sleepy  peter u suck not coming to my bday!
monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! if i was a lady of luxury i would start every day like this
my msn crashes way too much  hmph
im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend mr.computer .. hope not
at social.  just saw g-1.. awwww
hey thanks for the follow  ..
enjoyed star trek... more please
639 baby! god its sad really  oh well lifes a partaaay! xxxxxxxxxx
i can't sleep, this is so darn frustrating.
i don't want to be a complete hypocrite - i attended an r-rated event while i was there - the timing was just ironic.
hey don't write yourself off yet. little girl you're in the middle of the ride
[URL] one of my prized mags/book/annuals dunno if any others were published prolly should google it
i have been awarded my first ever credit card
tts ridiculously sweet of you
so sorry to hear that
hey that is pretty good sucking up - my daughter is exactly the same - glad to see i am not alone   good luck mom
lester?  guessed her?  yester-day?  you can think of something.  no cop outs now.
starting the accounts for this year.
says happy mother's day to all the moms out there.
yay me!  but, what in particular?
i have to work  but i'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same.
oh, final msg - why didn't you review my boardgame bookchaseï¿½ when you were on telly? we didn't even get a nice letter..
staying afterschool today  not that i have any 'friends' on here - but if i did , i'd tell 'em to text me ! lol [ likin' us <3 ]
wide awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! run tomorrow
then ill post it
it is my honor
man i am being boring today not tweeting  how are you guys?
yes its the twins  so i wontt be watching
cut my thumb with the saw in small metals   again...
is loving mortal combat right now!
had sbarro for dinner and krispy kreme for dessert. mmmmm! but so not very healthy.
now i'm depressed again..ugh!!! help!!!
my spellingis awful on twiiter
snowbear has finally come out...congrats che and warren
oh no she stopped!
start of diet today  i think i have to face i will never get back down to 77kilos (unless i cut a leg off)ï¿½
mmm, pizza for dinner. yum. but i burnt my mouth though ..
screw the fact you can't post long updates on twitter
**** awake at 2 am !  i hate sickness
beat? don't understand
inspired to blog about something inspirational. haha.
happy mother's day to everyone's mothers, mothers-to-be, grandmothers, great grandmothers...all the women! i salute you all
hail/thunder storm here. the power keeps on going on then off. it sucks.
at tweetup loc, but don't recognize anyone  am outside in turquoise shirt. please see me! #g4c09
awwww yur a awesome mother keep up the good work
pissed that my bluetooth headset's battery out lasted my cell's battery... gg moto q.
please don't get me watching bb too
ayy fml. nothing is perfect
the day started so wonderful, but now our kids our crying because our kitty is missing  we just got back from posting signs around.
i love dawn chorus noisier the better miss church bells too...crazy i know...was going for a cycle with a friend..not now
not sure where the real state market is moving  confused either hold or go ahead with the plans?
i know how annoying that can be!  but theres a german saying'pleasant anticipation is the greatest pleasure'(own translation)
if i have 5000 friend requests tomorrow, i'm blaming you  nite
namaste! hooray for monday! undaunted by a 3am wakeup, i consider it is 9am in london and feel justified. bright side to everything!
listening to busted - 3am. i miss them
great idea
i want to sleep xd !!!! but i have a song in my head that make me crazy and dont know if i write the song or not hahhaha
would some one plese suggest me a great thriller movie
my denny's shut down in the winter.  i have to do 50 miles to get to one now.
yes i think so unless it changed.  i sent u a happy mothers day text but u never responded back
one of my kits has just brought in a mouse & is eating it in the lobby. i'm sure i feed them enough!
_fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  its still messy
i didddd. i met them again
it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in b'lore and pune
knackered! been awake since 5 as couldn't sleep! just started work now. coffee and toast sounds awesome  chris has been busy!
i don't care about netsexor cams or the route to heaven, however, #lobster sounds super good.  i'm almost tempted to go get some.
nevermind! beyonce doesn't have a twitter  haha
_claire lol  i will buy u some big star wars pants 4 xmas !!!
don't ever turn off the part of your brain that talks ****! that's where fun comes from
no he sabido nada de ti, this is making me a bit sad i must say!
i missed the math trade
down in wellington for the monet exhibition. casually just bumped into wayne brady in our hotel lobby!!  mega exciting!!!
in bed with 2 girls
me too
_queen like it
i think your blog should've been on the list
i am going to die tomorrow night.   should be here.
_08 hell yeah! i missed u last nite  lol do u like my opinion?
nooooo!  working this weekend
pair it up with fringe on tuesday? that smells like a win imo as well.
last scheduled corn dog oc shift
finally finished exams & home not watch otalia & the pbp on bpd - no otalia today  hmm! via [URL]
getting ready for the day, out then work till close
justin timberlake and andy samberg do it again.. mother lover skit on snl was great
i want you to text me first everyday, not me
yeahh  those two times we've stood next to each other were special times...
thought id tanned after an hour in the sun, i was wrong....i've just burnt
that songs on tays vid  katy perry.
i work for disney...not all it's cracked up ta be.
wtf rehearsal  off  got to space and room was booked and the  brothers have stuff right after so we cant transfer to another room studio
broken  i can't c it
[URL] if he is saying something i don't fully understand, please let me know.
not sure why i can't get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about
mega burguer was my lunch yesterday
whoooooo i'm gettin' extra hours today    afterwards i'm gonna see if i can get some marigolds for my mum ^^
bored. cold. tired. lethargic feeling. man! great holiday monday!
you might also want to include 'never wear a moonwolf' to that
when i go to the ticketmaster site it says 'no lisa williams events to be found'
hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy?
texting my friends and being bored...   gosh i hate rain!!
my replacement iron ring arrived.  it's shiny.  and a bit more jagged than the original
shopping!
yup its working. they couldn't recover anything on it though
rearry rip. youd never guess what i ate..
well i was following you because i think your interesting ... and i was right
i'd love too see you were it
_andersen thank you eric!  glad u appreciate that!
18 hours to work....*cry* i can't survive!  // weeelcome to my wonderland *sing along*
anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards? some guy scammed me
beyonce helps me through the day, i'm starting to get sick
fine, ill get myself some miso soup down the street
nothing to do this evening.. missing lifestory
awesome i just ruined all my white clothes i never remember to separate
it's weird waking up in my own bed. slightly comforting, but i miss the group. but i'm loving using my own pillow again!
if i skipped, that could get messy   rofl
being a computer geek is entertaining.... i think.
i miss you
that's a good sentence
d: but it is making people unhappy and i dun like unhappiness
oh god! i had to look at 'how to use twitter'.. how hopeless is that?!
studying for this **** econ test
no problem! i think it's a great thing to reflect on.
yeah...i hope it turns out... 20 more minutes!
i will have to see the unveiling of your new lr arrangement!  is there an official event planned
iamkiara__  im so sick  i fell over last night outside coz i was putting something in the bin
i hear you. i can't think of a layout either.  lol i've been trying for i dont know how long.
yay got the internet on my itouch working
nice! elise rolled out  thas wassup! have fun, ladies!
have a safe ride up the coast. don't be going 90 even though you can.  when its windy just smile cuz u know u have it better.
sleep....take two....this better work!
have to wear my glasses today, cos my right eye is swollen and i don't know why
i lafff the rain
i love my boy  he makes me so happy... and looks his sexiest in plain black boxers =p
grrrrrrrrrrrrrr ive barely read any of it
[URL] <-- rocksteady pt ii
woohooo very cool see i knew u would get to see her
the  2009 convention ( [URL] ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun
yes,... i blame you all
and this picture of her with zack from saved by the bell  [URL]
he can't fix it.   i guess i'll write until i get too bored then watch tv. man, this is lame.
wishes happy mothers' day to all moms out there.
: potter, are also in that category! hehe. <3 i love you too!!! so much
did you google it too? or maybe you actually knew the answer lol ps put uo the pics already from last night  im getting anxious
super excited. just bought my tix to see hey monday on 6/20. again.  ~svetlana j. denver,co
woop right am off to 'try' to get 2 sleep haha its 2 hot  have a good nightt x
_guy me neither  but itï¿½s getting better
try #fireflight first... female fronted metal is awesome..  ..  unbreakable album would be a good start!
hows that possible? no rain forecast for pinkpop? and i have no ticket
i'm not sure about this tweet business  why are the simple things so difficult?
june 15, 1995, chino hills, ca. the 1 day it rained n june in socal...we had an outside grad; had 2 move it 2 the gym
with  walking the streets of harlem. home sweet home
rod stewart's new song
just like to clarify that i am a unable to acc. review vibrators as have not testrun any. *not an invitaiton for freebies
momma martini went food shopping without me!!!!
where i live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me
good morning. it's friday and the start of my work week  but... lakers are going to take the 4th w tonight. woohoo go lakers!!!!
really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow, the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool....
once james cameron touches something and revolutionizes it... someone else comes along and **** it up
i kno!!! im so sad! evry1 is leavin its horrible! im supposed to b happy for summer but i cant ima miss evry1!
nachos and the tudors? i think so
good morning dan! it's my bday and i plan on getting some exercise too today!!  love ya!! see you in nyc!!!
just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. they are alive at least. don't know much else.
is tired and sad
they're gone.
what's all your fault?
[URL] - i wish i was calling you but i can't from malta
have hardly worked out in the last two weeks but am losing weight.  fear i'm losing muscle!!  just made doc. appt. for injured foot
will u say shoutout to nikki!!! please   (soulja boy tell 'em live live > [URL]
i hide my berry like a slave regularly only today i was caught by massa   & im def not light enough to be a juice pouring slave
won a diamond for my compï¿½tition  , yaayy tomorow its the diamond dance off !! were the best  .. still in montrï¿½al !!
sitting here, waiting to go to the gym.....almost left, then realized i never charged my ipod from my trip to wisconsin....it's dead
fighter - christina aguilera. love that song
warmed up nicely outside.  sucks being stuck inside coding
[URL] - sunny day at vivocity, yupz just showered.. runs into airconditioned mall..
i know it's against the law... i am a rebel in small things.
thanks to tweetstats, i confirmed what i long suspected: twitter is keeping me up way too late!  ht.. [URL]
babylove em homenagem ao baby d
won't be going to the oxford internet institute sunner doctoral programme in brisbane: lack of funding
i don't saw the movie
all ur pic it's so nice  look so cute..oh!!
watching a film, recovering from my operation
my day on the computer is about to end. dang. i hate not being allowed on the computer.
i'm going to kill myself t_t . i wasted hundreds of download and realised i got the wrong one
guys, follow  for the rx twitterwar!!!! dd go ginoooo!!!
school is going to be absolutely horrible today. peace out, '09
[URL] - lucky! i'm so jealous even though i don't like her that much
sadface
i get the feeling  is going to make me wait until i get home to tell me i'm denied vittles from bww.
_hand oops! i completely forgot!
no problem. at least look on the floor. we won't see the banana skin in our brains ... i step on it once, almost got killed
dam i missed hollyoaks 2nite!
there's relisting fees when you don't complete a sale?  that sucks!
_coach   imho this soft is the best to keep the chaos straight   [URL]
i was being childish lol cos one of them said that pic of jake in down to earth made them vomit
err i think they're like 15 bucks a ticket cause its 3d too. too expensive
aww stanley, have you still got him, they can live for like 20 years right?  x
[URL] - leon looks supa' fly on that mini couch
_carter hey brian littrell is there!! he doesnt really like this kinda pages rigth?  kisses! i loev you guys!
did you go to uga? if so, i liked you better before i knew! ha!
is having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a **** fever...   (^~^)<^>
i'm feel deflated. ugh. no more dog.
_grant  hey donna, lovely to see you on twitter.
read something happy?
good morning from rsa twitterverse!! please send me some happy vibes & cheerfulness today i'm feeling a little sad
clonecloud: actually it's distant processor provisioning  like the idea [URL]
well that is nice.  loving the new friends organiser too.
it is a recession
i reeeally wish i could be there  haven't been n a while.what's goin on down there lately?
can i also have a swirly flat white?
i should have posted this for the world pinhole day   i love this picture. [URL]
oh poor you  atleast get paid for staying back or?
ghunghte mein chanda hai phir bhi hai phela chaaron aur ujala i love that songggggg ps  i got lost in morrisons
you look sooooo pretty love. dang i wish i was in ny so i could c u do ur thang
lmao, yep
aaaaaaaa!! i hate **** winshit!!
ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus!!!
to every mom, mommy and mother, happy mother's day   hope you all do something special and fun today.
i have to go to work.
is soo in love with beyonce's song 'smash into you'
did it!!  back in pakistan! - [URL]
me too  what are you doing?
huge headache...goodnight!!
that sucks
that's what she said?
had a good time out , now i must sleep lol. gym & dance rehearsals in like 5 hours,
the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here
- halla!!! doing ok- got a cold but trying to ignore it  how about you?
tweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment
_iddon blerrrrrrrrrrgh. im too hot and all sticky
having my dinner. eating bangus.  it's a fish.
i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated
biology final today. then home to prepare for psychology.
i think steph will enjoy her first mother's day tomorrow.
just got home from school. doing assignments.
over lt training today, ehhh hard to tall how hard it was. but now i feels good. sunday race day again... its raining now so lost of mud
whos going to see reemer on wednesdayy  me and kirsty are going (a) im well exited !!!
i miss having u as a roommate
jersey weather - and good on you for the charity drive!
oh, i didn't realize its on at 830 as well- already at work- or as today still in the car, don't ask
~ i'm sure that would make mr. koons very happy
happy mother's day valk!!
i know im wrong .. just give me one more chance   senti .. :]
would like to have a gaming system
i've been here since 3 and i'm here for 8 more hours tomorrow
_rosaen i love your new bracelets!! im a very proud sista...you rock, girly
going home to enjoy what is left of the day - i can't believe how quickly this week flew by, no time for tweets
laze about ! it's. the bank holiday law
potluck for danielle taking veggie tray. i will miss her
i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!
time to start unfollowing some people, i think
my  tix are in limbo....as usual  #upssucks
oooh gosh google wave is looking pretty sexy. lunch time's over though  back to powerpoint (significantly less sexy)
off to go b&q for new outdoor furniture
sachie: yna doesn't know our password yet
my interview if picked is ny too. but you probably forgot about me after blogtalk radio.
why am i having such a hard time falling asleep
oh kasa, please lose the hair do
im just thinking bout life. i need my bed. my fiance is in bed first
flat tire city
i hate the exams . first time and last time in this school  then i'm out ! after 10 years! yaaaay !
hope u did alright on the final
hey #socialmediatv  - i'm new here  - is this a recorded show, viewable later too?  thanks  (social media tv live > [URL]
hello everyone im just sitting here rocking out to 9412 sam on the air the best classic rock station on twitter here
schwarzenegger proposes closing 220 state parks   [URL]
[URL] - bambi will eat you
is at home with a pukey boy! poor little baby
he's an amazing jockey! saw that clydesdale commercial too..loved it!
let me know how it goes babe  good luck!
good morning   been here since 4am, just quiet.  how are you?
amazing night at the drive in
sam can go shoot her self.
midnight ice-cream weather! so **** bored
guns and roses baby! yay!  was hopin you would blip.fm it
i kinda like not having a car but there have been situations lately where i have been prevented from participating due to my carlessness.
sooo the children's museum was closed for a fund raiser when we got there.  annoying
free for all... good nite i mean its a good nite, wateva
pulled in all directions and not knowing where to go
i'm a senior. i should of been already.
yea, someone is getting the best of me.
cleaning all day today after he runs off to do his stuff and setting my schedule for the week.  i feel much better now and calmer too!
using yahoo pipes to combine feeds - doable & reliable i guess
sometimes spam leaks in to the message board.
that's odd as it's on my lap  maybe that's your cat o: s:
no cuz i feel the same way....
leaving work, going to crystal to search for her license, picking her and bia up, then heading to vegas. ugh i'm tired already
finally x-men origins: wolverine arrived, time to play the game like a mad man, and then it's time for the review  /patrick
love the album guys and can't wait for the official release  just curious, what top 3 softsynths/daw were used on it?
thanks for a nice blog post!  should however be given some creds since he has done at least half of the work on it
chirstina said shes gunna twitter more ...no more partners
some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ union jacks.
i love you so much tay (: youre so amazing <3 you should come to denmark, we love you here
buying pretty shiny beads and things  i feel quite girlish. [URL]
enjoying the cool breeze at the beach. it helps me relax and unwind.
we shuld do  a dance like that its seriously the best thing haha. see yu tomoro.
'can't a stevie wonder?' gabe just called me sleepypants gaby.
no, new orleans.. been here since katrina ..
i cant believe that its already friday! omg, what had i done?!
alix's graduation party!
bioshock is as fantastic as the first time i played it. now sleep then more bioshock tomorrow
i love that song! i was starting to think i was the only one that knew that one!    #sameperson
how did you swing those? we didn't get that close.
sucks that i don't have a drawing tablet!
only a month left of high school! thank god. i am ready for summer
#musicmonday nicest thing from kate nash
i just need to sleep
lucky e went!  jealous!
lately i've been waking up with the sun in my face but not today..
_x it's only on in glasgow
ha, the first request for sending a paper copy of my thesis
not looking forward to driving in this storm.
omg having so much fun watcing house bunny, courto isa a ledge for sending me link  <3
imma miss dem kobe nd bron commrcials wen cleveland get knocked out doe  they wer funny
thanks man!  i appreciate it!  you rock sir.
wants new hair now! just so frank won't talk to me
want to see him so badly
i was just thinking about how excited i am for you guys to move, but then i realized how sad i am to see you go.
really am sorry becausei was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.iowe u a beer.
i have not been this sick in years. omg. this sucks so bad. sickness ended up including a full restroom cleanup.
..where is the song?
working... and attempting to keep squirrels away.............. squirels 1, jesska 0   i should stick to spiders
*shrugs* so do i but it was too funny plus you know you enjoyed it tweet **** ..   love you..
s/s aus fshionwk- zimmermann,illionare,dhini + gail sorronda,romance was born,lisa ho,cassette society-loved the tutu, balmain ispired?
my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry.
i have 2 friends going  so jealous
sad that will have to leave my beautiful apartment
is still craving for a cheeseburger.
you dont say
having a cup of tea  i have a cold so it's tasting really good!
never realized how good #techmeme is until i actually read it (duh!) as an avid tech crunch reader, this is much better...
make it full girl 120%
heyy.  how are you?
radio royals am transmitter has packed up today... not good   anyone got a spare in your shed... lol
lol. wow. that's good.  haha i still can't believe it's mother's day.
just saw up  it was a cute movie (:passed by a place called a peasants kitchen. wtf? that names kinda sad
will have to it's only across the water and all. just damned expensive
guess i'm gonna try the nap thing again 2day, but since my kids haven't cooperated with it yet this week i'm sure 2day won't be different
and so another week begins. this one has got to be better than the last
im following you! im following you! im sorry!  ahhahah i missed you!
_bear i like you
ugh i need a job but no one is hiring
on the way back to dublin omg didnt hit the bed until 530  so i am so sleepy   but once again on the road back to good ole  dublin :-p ...
i don't wanna work a 10-hour shift today! i'd rather whisper sweet-nothings into the earpiece of a lady friend's cellphone.
internet 1 drawing 0 ....**** i'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
when i have to make a decision like that i always choose black.....
i'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome.
hey when are you next in the uk?
hope you have a nice relaxing day!!! hope your well  wishing you all the best
has got to go to work with a slight hangover gd nite thou
happy mothers day vicky!!!! and to all the other mothers who read this!!!
i'm sunburnt on my arms, and i have burnt my mouth, and some skin is coming off
staying home because i'm badass.
really bad ones are also classic.
i want it to be summer. now. why is it sprinkling still!?!?
my birthday weekend! cant find where my ex hid our dane cook tickets for tomorrow!!! wtf that's all i wanted for my birthday
the voter paint just peeled off my skin. or maybe my skin just peeled off with the voter paint
wake~n~bake monday
i can't say i've tried, but then again, i haven't tried with a sword either   not yet, anyway.
this weekend has been probably the best and there is still another day to go!!
testfest was weer een groot succes
no pool today.   stupid weather.
@_youremyheroine :'( i really know how you feelin. i wish i could hug you
he not getting off early?
i'm going to estonia!  woohoo!!
_stjohn that's what we hope for!
i meant looking like a tiger - stupid predictive text
just finished playing mahjong. i lost $38 to mag and weisheng!
my new site is stuck in the google sandpit now  test of my skills until it comes back out!
thanks to  and i'm now on twitter!
i'm oh so very bored!  buut.. almost 2 days til i leave for france!
to overcome whatever darts the enemy may try and stop you with. we've gotta stay focused tweetz!  god bless you.
_kimmeh me too, i miss it.  i, however, will #humpthestump for the rest of my life.
can't help but feel today will be a massive michael jackson rumour day.  [cue all the mj haters...]
i've just about made it all the way round the park jogging. quite pleased for my 6th outing
ipod died today
is new van a nice one
birthday girl in the house!! tweet tweet suckas
my fingers hurt
following new other #sanctuary fans! see the wonders of #sanctuarysunday !!!  good to meet you all!
the old blue g4 is too slow to code on nowadays, i have a laptop i've borrowed from work ++ lets me lounge while i browse
_ess since t will be away - come to tucson!!!
saw the blink show from the tmobile party. i'm speachless
homework. ew fml. should i pull an all nighter? i think i'm gonna have to again
when u go, lmk. let's go together
watching my tiny nephew  perfect baby
happy mothers day to all the moms  it's a tough job, but totally worth it!
i gave up on tumblr because the api isn't pointing to the private account
oh insomnia, i hate you. i'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please?
two o'clock please come faster
: nooo  i don't know why...i click on tweetdeck_0_25_manual_blink182.air and it doesn't run!! so sad...
_arcelay [URL] - i got chased by a male chihuahua that looked like he was pregnant today  he was black and  ...
walked home in the rain.
ahaha thats okay and thanks
and  why are u two fighting.
indeed, twitter is where its at mate, its all happening on here.  enjoy. hope to see you arou.. [URL]
i just want to say: both you,taylor swift, and hayley williams have a great and lovely voice!
watching h&a! got new photos for myy room  waiting for ulise to get home.
i have been playing skate for two hours. now i need to get out and actually skate. but it's too late
if the drive is automatically ejecting supported discs (ie cd-r), and you can't boot from a disc, it's time for applecare
omfg. one of the worst days ever!
i love the dreambears!.. i want a **** best friend!
rofl - me too.
_louise  bless ya... i know that feeling all too well!
working during graduation. what a shame.
penguins win in ot, probably why you were busy.  one more game to win.
dang i should have stuck with him in my fantasty picks
...oh. hahahahahaha but no, seriously, i tell the wait staff they look great all the time, its the easiest nice thing to do
subway  im going to get subway....  love it! ate it often when i was in new zealand....
eh, june 15th  are you going to the signing on the 18th, i think it is? x
what are you designing?
or, green day: boulevard of broken dream, hinder: lips of an angel, howie day: collide - that was such a nice song
watching snl because the love of my life is hosting
11:11 i made a wish
listening to maylene and wondering why cant i pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them
poor tony  come play scrabble on facebook!
awe
follow me??
i love these app things, it be hella awesome bro.
ah!  gotcha.  well, i'm curious to hear what you thought of wolverine then. (if you actually went and saw it).
i need to buy it for the iphone. it's such a good app. only works on wi-fi though
i wanna do something tonight after work.... but i dunno what...
my car has an alarm & immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated and costly! i have no key code neither for the immobiliser.
hello twitterfon. i'm so glad you're back
i think you should follow me. as i only have on follower. stalk me please
fingers crossed for you.
: awesome. tell me if its good. i might watch it
@ mgm grand, mraz on stage! no doubling back opener.  lots of old memories flooding back
not quite as much...hmmm products in us that are not in canada?? idk  do you have covergirl?
almost ready for new beta.... until we found a showstopping bug   please standby.
*hugs* why?
@ my sisters crying my eyes out, hubby called from iraq, spoke for n2 minutes heard popping sounds in the background and call dropped.
my house is so sad looking without all of the furniture, air mattressing it for 2 nights and then i'm officially moved from knoxville.
uh-oh...it's becoming grey again out here. i hope it's not one of those 'pop-up showers' on the way.
girl you know beauty has a price
my gawwddd ! 6 headshotss inna row? im on fyaaahhh!
it's officially the start and the end of my summer. oh summer school
oh mann... me likey that!! but sadly i'm not bein auctioned on #twpp tonight
ill catch you at the very last second
ugh. my feet feel like they're going to fall off.
going to bed...going back to korea tomorrow
hell yes. i'm too late.
perhaps they see it as the twitter version of pulling someone's pigtails? let me know if that works out for you.
i'm doing an advert 4 the make-a-wish foundation & i can't find photos of kids looking close to death... that's a good thing for the kids
hi isla! i hope it does, too.
only 5mins till my baby's back from work
need some pizza...can't get out of office
bollywood fims & egyptian tea
i am having serious cig craving... head for kitchen, let the non smoker weight gain begin
is seriously heartbroken!!!
sticks and stones may break my bones...but words will hurt forever.
up and at'm   getting ready for work
hey kevin! yeah, this one's gonna be a toughie for sure - not much sleep. oh well, only 8 hours to go
oh no!!!!! it's raining on our sea world parade  [URL]
i'm loving please don't leave me by pink!
thanks for the answer  i had been wondering the whole week
back time.  i wish i was a teenager again. i wish i could feel healthy again. i can't remember what it's like to feel healthy anymore.
me too! i wish it would just say who has unfollowed
@_nylana_ an! happy mother's day!
phase 2 was a success. self discovery is vital. phase 3 is only mins away. cool & classy baby! shout out 2 'd' yeah mane!
_preet haha one of the many reasons i love you
always welcome sweetie! *hugs*
last day of the tv up-fronts w/ our colleagues from sydney, paris, london...
_tweets i wish i could be there to give you the biggest hug right now. i'm so sorry, i can't imagine how painful it must be
a bit too early for me and wanting to have nice lunch too... have a good time
is it the bit where hollie started crying?
finally home after a night of dinner and drinking with friends.  going to sleep now, hoping the bed doesn't spin too much.
wow heather
time for school  i'm feelin good.. 5 am jogs do good. ~aloha
then stop staying out all night
i jus listened 2 'not okay' it's nice i lik it.. i've been thinkin abt thomas throughout e whole song..  luv ya
i am soooo disapoointed i couldn't make it  i will be there next time! glad it was productive.
just joined twitter hehe
_dubbs curse you, igloo dwellers!!
hahahahahahahaha hope so.. i hope you'll like it
_lee i loveee and missss my annie!!
oh my ex / room mate is moving out today
is awake.  still feeling sick.     but i got the blog done at least. [URL]
take me with u eric
today felt so much more crazy than it was!!  i digg the new addition to the family! there pretty cool
random night of fun  now im chillin at home.. happy mothers day!
i agree with  come to canberra! we are the raddest!
skinny dipping with work colleagues?!  maybe not.  i'd never live it down with this lot!
finished listening to last days of krypton's audio book! loved it...so sad though...
a rare treat b/c we're rarely ap and at 'em that early!  but we may make opening bell at the pdx farmers mkt a new goal.
dying to get my hands on the diagnosis murder dvd boxset but those pesky kids at amazon still won't deliver to zimbabwe
thank you all new, first time japa dog customers! twitter spreads the word! we like new customers
- i read that as follows: 'i'm a what?! what'd i do? yes, she is rather simple. i miss you dicks too...   '
new chic just texted me saying 'thanks for the e-mail' but didn't answer to my question, might need to look for newer chic now
_fur_laxis it makes me feel physically sick. i read let the right one in and was only horrified by the cat violence.  just horrible
good grief! i can't say much, i was driving home from martin through ike last fall. be interesting to hear what he says!
storming outside
as a proper journo i would have to agree with you 100%!
just finished watching star trek in imax. . . could've watched it all night. . . live long and prosper
yeah i've noticed  i miss spender. but you were closer to him. how are you holding up?
my mom just came home and she finally got me a guitar strap! yay!
early mother's day dinner with the  family
i don't feel too bad, but not sure to what i should attribute that. could be cold & flu meds; nap; alcohol; or getting better...
hahah, you own lab.hr  i own lab.ba, seems that we think in similar ways
this picture made me cry  lol [URL]
hooray!
just hit the 3000 word mark for his geography notes, and i'm not even doing it for gcse? mean while i've done a page of history
it's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range
hey every1! do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. i wanna go back in time :] ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound
what happened with her??? why is she being so wierd all of a sudden???
heading to the office through a very quiet stockholm, at least its not sunny
ano pa bang aasahan ko sa iyo? you never fail to fail me.
off tha internet now txt it
**** i failed in my assassination attempt on louis  re: [URL]
i think there's something wrong with the video, it only loads the first 40-ish seconds
no phone call yett... hrmm. maybe a call from my end is in order?  i'll wait a bit longer, prom nights are often 'spuratic' moments.
im hungry and its cold
learn two-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel
i'm sorry i'm neglecting you, twitter.
sitting in an almost empty dorm, waiting for jordan to come to take some last things and say good bye. he graduates tomorrow.
_srod shouldn't you know your national holidays?
is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she's in such a nice relaxed mood !
hour til lunch, can't wait. ima go to mcd's
how the **** do 2833 songs fill an ipod that is supposed to hold 4000?
i missed them at red rocks.  sad couple of days.
is not ready for school yet!!!  [URL]
jfc, it needs to be the 23rd. i will have been graduated, and i ended up getting awesome hook-ups for ftsk and rocket. so excited!
on page 214 of 320 of betrayed by p.c. cast. really starting to enjoy this series
there's something about this area that makes my tonsils swell up everyday. i don't get it..  i feel slightly miserable. #ff done 4 now!!
just watched hella home movies with my aunt and uncle. i miss the days where our whole family got along
signing off for the night. watching 'the reader' and i'm sure i'll snooze off at some point. good night all
i'd be soo honoured if u cld chk out my beats, perhaps sm advice on wat i nd to do 2 improve da overall sound of my music
ohh i forgot to tell you last night that when i was a alton towers i touched a shark  it was amazing !!!! it was nt a massive one tho
its weird how thinking about may 2nd totally changed my crappy mood to happiness...i miss  so much
dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. i was reminded of this today (thankfully, by my toe). still feels weird
driving home to trade cars  hopefully it makes it! [URL]
catt i totally love your default picture! you seem like such a fun mom!
friday night magic last night, i lost so bad  i suck at draft
remmber time crisis ? try it on the #iphone
yeah  the entire time i was all *swoon* b/c of his eyes..... *swoons thinking about it*
have been writing since 6pm & i only have 300 words. can't help but edit as i write. stop it, self! oh, i've also been researching too.
i didnt know u guys have acc in fb hee
yeah, that didn't last long..
_kid may the 4th be with you
hernia is hurting way more than usual tonight, no way i'm able to go out!
i sometimes feel like the only person in the world without an iphone
how sad was hollyoaks
just another mobile monday is back online. there's two days i'll never get back.     [URL] (via )
thelma & louise, good movie.
check this out: [URL]
_iscool i have a 320gb drive in my mb, with 6gb free... and 1.5tb external storage permanently connected when at home
yeah do you feel anything at all? i remembered i was looking at loopt on his phone and that **** was coughin all over that
what's up my homieeeeeeeeeee ???? i miss you live last night  i hope your on tonight . i will hit you up cutie
ya. i was suffering the whole day yesterday. met dentist and feel a bit better. i still look like rocky balboa though
picture or it never happened.
sorry  i misspelled twice already. im notgiving you up, just have to run  ? [URL]
but he's so adorable.
ok now i can hit the hay. thank you
_carter the video is set to private
i talked to kat, that is crappy
un cross them please..i was planning on buying a lambo this summer, next stop,, pitsvillle baby...=people carrier
back at work
babe i'm just **** around!  just bored!  no need to worry
_john sounds like a terrific service. i'm sorry to hear about her mom.
i am freezing
yeaa i know she is smartier then that, plus she knows the real thing is better lol
****, i'd be interested in working with care2, but i don't live in sf anymore
good morning campers, i'm not a happy bear this morning, had an awful dream during the night, & am v worried.
just finished mowing the lawn.
nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  baws.
my son would freak for the falcon
_day26 awww man, its nott
now i'm all sad because i'll probably never see fleetwood mac.
i'm glad you're little prissy is doing well. it's obvious how much you love her w/the treatment she's getting
watching men n blk 2, wishin all the mums happy mother's day
hi!good luck for the mtvawards, im sure you're going to win!i hope so!i love your work! ha you speak spanish? take care
the sweet swiss toblerone does his best to come soon and meet fabulous rita in chichester
just got a call from my realtor saying i have another showing on sunday. no offers yet  but at least there is a lot of interest.
_marris i know. i'll have to get some soon
absolutely!  i have a 'his view' section on my site.. i know you're busy but you are more than welcome to guest post
aww bless  haha your cute tom
i had my chance and blew it, now i have to suffer the consequences..gnite tweeps
sorry mike, was assuming it was music that was missing..i don't know then.. a mystery..
hehe - about nz being the most magical place on earth.
playing bejewled on facebook.. **** it i want a higherscore!
hehe, wondered wtf star wars day was and why it was the top trending topic. now i get it.  may the fourth be with you, also.
god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is **** house
what a beautiful day - shame i've got to spend it in an office
i'll be at the new movie showing at the franklin on thursday night.  several of the sla faculty will be in attendance.
have a cold one for me, i'm just off to work now
hey gerardo! (late response) that day i was talking bout forgiving my brother 4 givin me wrong directions! i got way to upset
chrystina grace timberlake has a ring to it!
im off for a bit...tweeet yall later
haha i know.  sorry about all the typos in that last tweet...blehhh.  ps - because i said so is sucha cute movie..  awww
wow. that hurt way worse than i thought it would.
new friend?? hmmm... tell me more
the ac tix are actually $20 but the show is sold out.  i'd have to get tix through stubhub and pay up to $70.
most name brands have dairy even if it's called 'semi-sweet' or 'dark'.  i'll try to get some in the helloveggies store!
3 hours of sleep and a mild hangover = carelessness and the loss of a brand new ipod pouch
shop then work time  see yas laterz x
just finished down loading aim6.9 and guess what! i can get updates from twitter on it!  message me at: i am katie arttt
hey guys it's working no need to worry. i have tooo many followers tho ...
bout to go to bed... pretty good day for a monday.
_18 i emailed you the link, pretty sad uh?  rip jessie kitty
might have broken text messages.
thank you. keep it down, there's a good lad.
_the_bigman hey! ive never caught enyone on live before!
okay, so twitter suddenly changed, how do i respond to messages now
: no, i fell and effed my arm up today and now i have to do back drive.
i honestly hate what i have said to some ppl sometimes. sorry for makin an **** of myself to anyone.
ask them what they have done with their lives. be annoying human beings? tell your mama happy mother's day!
i think you should do it with hannah
holy moley! it's raining cats and dogs here! and i just got snazzified by min at salon mint!
senior ball was hella fun!!!  good night!!!
yay that was good umm reggie perrin next.. oh who cares no1's watching bbc1  lol
got live last night at our  vid comin soonnn
:  nice to see you on twitter!
nothing could get worse, or could it? if it did i think id be on the verge of killing myself or someone else, things are not good anymore
yay, watching supernatural   .. great way to end a hard day. i miss you jesse.
- touched a real live cube in hamilton. dealership closed - couldn't sit in it though
look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no, do it. dont. yes. no.yes. no. ugh i dont know.
well.. i dont have to do any resits... lol... so its my last exam
watching pineapple express and is seriously thinking that they used real weed in this movie
my neck hurts a lot.
needs to get over this fever grrrrr....
baha, i'm gonna have to find some!  i dont think we took any d: but i'm gonna find some!
i'm glad someone slept with me last night. my doggy  i would take a picture but i don't see my laptop.
kinda doing nothing. life is boring. i feel like changing my look. let's go shopping tomorrow
i love the game! that's my show... suuuppper pissed it got cancelled!
all ready for work... except my arm
my darling dd says 'my mum is my best friend'... and she told me to tell you all she said that in here too  so i did! love ya moo (jd too)
ok ermm i'll meet you in the gym at half four then
sun has been making me happy =] shame about work tonight  x
i am sooo mad...yesterday and today...sucked!!!so much!
good day in the sun... little bit burnt tho... well actualy quite alot  very sore  heh
my lucky lucky friend is at a nickleback concert atm  i wish i was there
just had a great dinner with my wonderful girlfriend.
thank you! marc jacobs thou ....love limited too
has finally learned how to think before he speaks. and it works wonders
monday morning lying in bed instead of working is great, more bank holidays required
oh ok thanks
het there r u finished cleaning your pond? u shouldn't stay too long u will get all wrinkled up!! kidding
home? where the heck are you? ima be home so soon! ia!
_cake just  little stomach bug, nothing serious
most definitely
i didn't get a callback for the play i cried...  oh well i guess it's back to being a techie..
after 9 weeks it has finally rained - not quite enough yet but more seems to be coming  the garden is very happy about it.
*takes out a $20.00 bill* you can keep the change
is leaving in the morning to go to her mommys
what a glorious week. my best holiday ever i think. i so don't want to go home in the morning
in pain. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?
outlook not so good
just saw confessions of a shopoholic...totally fell in love with hugh dancy's accent!! :3 need $20.00 for tomorrow, new top i want!!
just got back from kuantan had sooooooo much fun
well good job to my two cousins that are graduates! good luck in life!!!  <never wear your pajama pants to school  >
'if there's a camel up a hill' and 'i'll give you plankton' ....hilarious!!
oh my god ..  sad day ..
eff that noise!
that is so sweet!! have a good day
_im_chris and i cant get to mine  keep getting an error
glad to hear you'll have your 1st tournament soon. as ksn says, 'we need more practice!'
sat alone whilst jay plays on his phone
my myspace profile is ollld newsz i need to editeditedittt
slept in, woke up with an iced coffee, lazed about & went out for a late lunch with the bf. it's been a sweet little laid-back saturday.
whats the point of wisdom teeth? nothing! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk fml
haha it scared the **** out of me.
i was lucky, my mom paid for everything for me. i'll take you shopping!
well.... you're not called comedyqueen for nowt - are you lol
waiting for an email that will probably never arrive. ed later, consti study after then hopeless bumming.
i missed u. stop defending urself. your true fans are with u  u're the best. and for me u didn't change. -ur biggest french fan!
i miss u like cotton candy  <3
stayed home from school today   doctors sooooon.
alo is so sad and quiet and empty tonight
first surprise birthday ever, best night i've had in a **** long time!
omg u nasty
p.s. culled a handful, esp followers (spam ones with nsfw links that i did not click on). you made the cut though
wtf? advertising gone mad, they want access to my  camera and microphone? what for? amazon should really know better  [URL]
i would cry a little. wait...no i mean, the mechanical army would be -so- pleased to have proper representation. x-me!
gooood morning!
happy mother's day.
my cankle is sore.
i am in kuala lumpur. and i know i vanished, haha! i broke up with my last boyfriend, that's why i'm back!
___ haha was it good? i bet it was
oh emm gee!! quebec in 16 days. i am so excited.
loves using remote access to use my desktop from my laptop.  -- back from emerge once again.
_jane   hope yours will go away quicker than mine (10 weeks now and counting)
cinema tonight  it is half the price on monday ;)
hmv shinjuku
babysitting in the sun and heat. i'm getting lots of freckles
tried to swat a fly with my buddhist magazine... bad karma
whew!  i'm just going to focus on family time and more swim suit shopping for the rest of my vacay! thanks for the kind words
yo somebody's mother just came to the club dresses like she's going straight to church after the club! i feel like i'm going to hell 4  @
where r u yvonne?? haven't seen u in the google groups in a day or so. miss ya.
i wish saturday night fever was on again! i couldn't stay up lastnite for the whole thing
i'm all scared and bruised.
i think you were dreaming that!  however, my memory does suck so maybe not
just that you're not here...
nope, i'm on my way home now.
aw, that song makes me think of girl scouts.
yes i do! i'll try posting some pics when i can
god, i love quizzes. when i get my phone im gonna be on it 24/7 doing facebook quizzes.
most definitely will!  also, i wanted to say 'perfect time' was my favorite track! it seriously made me tear up!
hey jess where is josh??
you don't even care about there, their, and they're.
i wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so i could use the hot tub.
i rarely sleep.. cant help it   hehe
it's raining  i can't go out to jogging... i have to do it in my house gym...
what's the matter?
lol i like challenges  the more impossible the more i want to try!
yes yes you should! especially with wine and mushrooms!! ummm i love mushies
soo **** stressed out...i think i could possibly lose it
currently brushing up on the art and science of selecting good domain names (after having 550 domains the year before with poor results)
i can't go to the grocery store on an empty stomach. that's trouble! i wanna see ur show but not sure ill get to  let u kno
bummer.  i hope it doesn't continue too long.
_graham yerrrr sameee haha its the way he plays edward i thinkk mmmm
i forget how much i miss my tribe til i have limited access to talking to them. spotty internet in the country so i won't be here long.
says alright, alright... i'm going already. sheesh, well better be off early than late.  [URL]
just took my shirt off and my back is covered in blisters  [URL]
just read a book called 'gamer girl' and it wasn't too bad.
yo, what happened to my invite?
oooommmmggg, you probs will, too busy to slay properly for a while  hopefully i'll stay ahead doing 1 task a week!
a short 5.25 hours left to go at work
i am thinking about reading that too! she is talking about it on the view too! not that you miss it often
i need a good idea... fast!
you've got to read it downwards for it to make sense.
yesterday and today was my weekend....back to work 2moro!
im doing that **** right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin
starting twitter
where'd that ? come from? no pup for now. but certainly in the near future. maybe a beagle. it depends. i do muss my fatboy.
until i break up with you via a 27 second phone call
i don't wanna work tonight
also happy mother's day
thank you.  i love my tattoos they are all very special to me **** my feet ones are beautiful  ****
it's such a romantic novel!! i cried in the end  now i'm going to bed. i'm so tired.
you know i am so ashamed. i did not watch a single episode of the new gh season.  i kept falling asleep, so i gave up.
it'll be close, but hopefully they can figure it out  they'll be eating nothing but those cookies for the week tho.
****, i burned my legs  !x
really? awesome..im mad cuz my followers r goin down  *take a breath*
and to james's we go!
time to play the drums
i agree, however i can't sell  until i'm a full brick & motar store...  soon though hopefully
i have a job at camp!!  only downfall? no midnight showing of harry potter for me
eating lunch. then school
there is always one joykill in the crowd!    haters!
my brother is making banana shake. yesterday he made mango shake. he's our shake guy.
the work got me back.100 percent monday feeling
if u don't win u can always roll on my pass lol, i don't have anyone to take
let me guess.... antiques & collectibles?  anywhere else you'd like to be?
finally, a beautiful, sunny day in atlanta. too bad i'm stuck inside working...
thanks iphone, you kept me up till 1 am. ****.
i'll be sure to
well, my question is on your blog post
omgosh! it's 79 degrees and i'm sweating and miserable!  what am i gonna do when i visit the atx? need..ac! need...ac!
****. you could have just called or told me in person. you didn't have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse.
_jlh lol that's a special kind of magic, though! ;)  and did you see the special on discovery?  they think nessie died.
:o and i missed it? and i'll miss the rpt 2mrw  oh well there's youtube sunday i guess. thanks andrew
jus got hom fr. tda funeral... i'm so sad! i cried so much times! much love grandpa!<3 i never got to say my last 'goodbye' to him.
will do!! (of will did?? lol ) great episode
fully inspired to write a song.
though it was a cold that would go away, turns out it's a sinus infection that just keeps getting worse and worse by the day.
ali, just like you do!!!   have such a wonderful sunday!
will be working at 7/11 this summer
just used my last dvd-r for the windows 7 iso. next batch will be lightscribe dicsc - i want to see how that works
is it true that you love brazil more than australia  nitey
gettin ready to hit up the mall w/my mom & jayden!  do all things w/faith!!!!
what's the focus of your sunday 4e game?
i ate too much ice cream and curly fries
i'm trying to get myself moving this morning!
_beag     i hate cat pee.
last call!!
valium makes you feel goood. i need more. i can't fall back asleep. i want my mommy
[URL] - whooooooooooooa!!!!!!!!!!!! ang ganda ko dito ha!!!  thank you!
jia you !
after 11 months....back to twitter again
dammit.  i need new cupcake tins
ahhhh, very sad
well, i'm glad i'm not the only one! mine's so bad i'm having to resort to pulling out the old hairband disguises...
didn't even reply to me about how old you are tomorrow?
im pleased hun
hey hey ready to come to oklahoma?
_liden thanks for the follow tove!
have a fantastic time in paradise and drink a few margeritas for me
it's raining and i'm outside without an umbrella.
that little girl on bgt  omggg, how can people not feel sorry for her?
yup, def swine flu. i think it was the sausage.
that's tonight?! cool
new article: [URL] let me know what you think...
me too tatiiiii!!!
have a good day.  i'm checking out hugh today. also, be on lookout for best 'cassoulet' recipe you will have ever tasted!
nice night, should be golfing
signin autographs would be boring i think! get wasted 2nite! have fun! i'm stuck at work
it is possible to frown while eating a frosty
sad that christian lacroix had to file bankruptcy
stupid!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load.
jessie has gone away 4 the weekend!! i miss her already
sitting in a shadow of the tree in the heart of the city listening to panic!..waiting for the bus  thanks,wind,for being so pleasant a ...
woke up early this morning  not happy bout that, headache, dizzy can't breathe, yeh im still sick
nevermind....i kept reading and see ya'll r gonna be in williamsburg   i'll mind my business now, lol
fingers crossed that my neighbor can sign for my ups package today, otherwise it may be bye-bye pretty skirts
alice doesn't know what to wear to the cinema  <3
yeah yesterday i turned 16. my parents rented me out a hummer limo. it was pretty cool
aww dont cry ashley
i didn't bring my pokemon with me i forgot them at home
has to go to sleep but is not sleepy at all!!
love it! i wish my other half could even name web design ladies
and i still recall how helpful you were way back when as i struggled on an ar contest question...
had a great weekend... but ate too much i think..  i am looking forward to my trip to hobart on friday the 15th....
hush...stop teasing
im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts...
gotcha ! let's meet up @ the twitt cafe
is feeling sick .... oh well, i reckon those people on the bus cursed me.... anyways, nighty night all!!
that didn't take long.. a fragment of bone did not heal to the major bone, it is now being reabsorbed by my body, may need fix in future
happy belated birthday hun!! my net broke  this is the first chance i've had to get online! luff yooooooo xxxxxxxx
i ... think ... i read 'strawberries'  its hard to have a fav char in your comics: i like bad rabbit and the 'stud' chic - sent to kid
your the supporter  its totally up to you
_marie justin timberlake is sooo funny!!
get yer freak on-it's monday! have a great one, if it's possible to have a great monday!
i just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hot, of course) into the roof of my mouth. blood everywhere - well, at least in my mouth.
i love you
a steak burrito bowl right! i wish i wasn't too lazy to go downtown
hahaha chivalry's not dead, just rare
awww holly  shes so cute! i hope they let her sing again!
omg that was my twin sister's fav song
moving offices  i'm going to miss you hollywood.
my girl friend also dropped me
off to a wedding!
probably not, kinda expensive and we have to work. most people have off weekends, we work.
shame freud can't follow up on those implications
yes! the pool opened this weekend
is all alone for the evening!
might still be eating and drinking then
farewelling an employee tonight...
everyones just set to 'away' on msn.. nobody to talk to :\
i skyped u  las nite
i like rio ferdinand - when he's wearing an england jersey.
truly sad... my cheap little camcorder just shot craps.....
sweet nk dreams love you all
is obsessing over chris pine  heehee...
fear crept in but it's already been dismissed. now let me do this thing right, coz this time the feelings are there and it's so different
is *ugh* what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. where did summer go?
i am so bored, i really don't know what to do!
woot!! you go girl
from twitterberry moved to ubertwitter - suffered from bb cache errors
how poetic.. great going.. keep them coming
thanks stephen, appreciate it
totally just got hit on by one of her bar guests! ha ha...yay me!
i hate when that happens. i hope you figure it out soon!
we'll miss you! i'm sad i didn't get to meet you
completely excellent dave matthews concert! jason mraz opened & i heard 'stay or leave' & 'crush' for the first time live
spoke about culture to some of our rackers over at the castle. now time for some awesome mexican food. no drinking--antibiotics.
_twitz lol...hiiii yourself. maybe lay off the patron and down a bottle of water!
on my way homee  i love long car rides<3
tiiiired but i cant sleep
you were greeeeeeaaaaatttttttt babe!! it was amazing!
not well again   it's definitely not hayfever
thinking about recent job opportunities and hoping to get one! and gettng ready for church
my poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. we are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink.
'graverobber, graverobber, sometimes i wonder why i even bother..' have fun tonight!
so  is on snl tonight! it's going to be a hilarious
got to see 2 of my favorite guys back on long island  heading back to the city tomorrow or monday to be with the boyfriend! <3
you tell yo mamma an em i axe how she durrin, and that i said happy mothers day.
i don't want her to leave..
[URL] - an hour in the sun turned me into a blancmange. sucks to be pale
aww!  happy mother's day to you too girlie! kingston is lucky to have such a great mommy!
oh really  hopefully it was a good one. i just was trying to get your attention thats all
let me check, sirs
bout to knock out. feelin a lil sick  peace y'all
yay playing scattegories and being random with joel, may & sherman
@_corruptedangel my god, really! really? 50? christ
[URL] - ugh grosss
if you can and know how, why not
like wat do i do wat do i do.........ha i got it i'll go 2 mushygushy...... so peace out twitter dudes i got a gushy gram 2 make
i need a hug cuz these garbage truck men keep driving next to me whistling and im working too hard 2 graduate...
that was fantastic! thank you
_r one of mine is a potential winner i think, could be quite easy to code, but i might sit on it for now
3-4 hours sleep last night  barely functioning
thank you.  usually the learning happens after i get a little rest and review my notes.  which reminds me, i'd better get some rest
i hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  back in the studio, maybe if we're lucky we might get 2 songs done 2day!
so technically....i havent really gotten out of bed. so i think you're right and i'm gonna stay here!
yeah, i'll probably 'stop' when all of my stories are completely finished. that won't be for a while though. wide awake.
nope.  it's been years since it's happened like this.
trying this twitter thing out. facebook is finally a routine for me, now i need to figure out how to do the twitter thing
see u next saturday with mr
i miss you terribly
i'll have to be more creative in choosing my next alias.  adding the n to the front obviously was not stealthy enought.
_s  tried to reply back to you, but you need to follow me for me to dm - we have many friends in common is the short answer
i bought a leica m8, charger arrived doa. called leica,  got transferred around and left a vm.  atleast the rf isn't misaligned...
oh yeah the camera clipping problems with void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about
all of em! hahahahaha sry
got the twilight board game today  good old ebay..
48 laws of power by robert greene. it's a little bit much for me, but is anyone interested in a copy? dm me if you are
i'm a real boy goddamit!!!!!!!!!!!!!! guh. apostro. i feel sad. the library lady thinks i'm stupid. she's stupid.  j
i've run out of earl grey, so having lemon tea instead, then whb for me too
finally made it to the qc...happy mother's day!  got my car!!
now i'm done! good nite
i have no one to watch it with! ma peeps  are actually focused on their finals already!
oh it's been so long i can't remember
download movie  notorious [URL] cool #movie
want to hang out with beth and tenaya and their hubbys tonight....but jon wants to hang out with some other people
talking to sarah and lisa!
tweeterizing from a mobile
hi! waking up, and not lazy at all. you would be proud of me, 8 am here!!! btw, nice colour, not burnt.
seagull hates me and im utterly depressed about it. i miss him.
i want to get super pretty  and i want a cig
wasabi is recovering from surgery  [URL]
omg, no icecream
is going to school.  leave me stuff.
have to run! i'll be on later and hopefully can catch everyone i missed today. working on web is a bear and so i miss a lot.
gosh, watchin cosmetic surgery nightmares on itv , it is awful
ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  good to go now
grr! my stupid meebo is disconnecting me every 5 seconds
lmao... just saw this. that sounds hella good. i have a hair appt at 7
ooh, new bonkers is out tomorrow, nearly forgot about that
i'm not sure... but, 4719 fans in just a week is a wow to me! i guess they will soon overtake other malaysian page to be no.1.
im so tired and sick  i have to be better on sunday so i can sing morning and night
i love the video for da funk by daft punk
how lovely
packing gym bag. off to the gym in a bit. squee! i'm my happiest whem i'm on the go.
happy mothers day mommy  i love you so much, dono what id do without you ??
homework & study guides
grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner
at least he's in breakthrough performance tho. i just wanted him nominated in his own category
the 3d version of up sold out   regular version it is!
and it's gone.
_rugged_man hi vishal
finally-- now i am me again.  i had to use internet explorer.  firefox issues   back to normal tweeting.
it's friday but i have to work the weekend
feeling some butterflies today   study study study contracts; gonna ace this, then on to the write-on competition for the journals.
now comes the fun part  because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside us, your changes can be quite tiny.
watched yes man, it was good  [URL]
she forgot her words and then started crying  and she stopped singing but then carried on and then cried again so she stopped
hey sherri -- don't give up b/c they're married; they may have a brother or a friend!
sorry. just think - 2.5 hrs till 2 days off!
i can't. i'm on my ipod and it doesn't have im
okay.. so i 'thought' i was getting sick... but nope!!!  hahaha phew! (sry mike lol - hope you get better soon!)
grrrr youtube wont let me watch the  chat again
well that propels people to change direction. no point wasting your days on something you lost the passion for.
hour fifteen drive. just left, bored and ate half my food already
contemplating getting my hair cut and having severe anxiety about it....
i am seriously........ addicted to talking to people haha. but i love it so i don't care. and you can't tell me otherwise, jerk.
excitement: 8 new followers overnight. sadness: 6 of them are ad bots.
sorry demi, just read post that you can attend bgt. im sure your support for sb has helped tho  a world without paps plzz
i wish i could go to meet in the middle tomorrow.
pauly wallly ! you made my life **** happy as hell and i love you x3 you should reply back to me
lovin' , , & _bailon soooo much right now!
bye la... i already miss you
haha dork .. that sounds so yummy .. share!
ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt
it's trashy and sensationalist...so yes
hahaha now ur gonna tweet.... i awoke to 67 the other night haha man the concerts here suck. cali's da place 2 be
happy star wars day
thanks for the follow.
[URL] - loving the jumper
oh fml its probs gunna be at shepards bush  i hate it there
unfortunatly, just about to start making my way home  but via singapore for a gig too, so fun ain't over  just yet ;)
i wish we had sun lollies for me to get addicted  what flavour?
i'm such a saddo, haha. but that actually makes me really happy. warrens dead though
are you in need of another kiss attack??
hehe, i can almost hear out of my right ear now  can you yet?
nku - i can get that app after all!
saw a whole lot of your stuff at africa joy casterbridge farm, white river in mpumalanga.was quite thrilled to see ur stuff
_mom emailed you - it'll be on the porch anytime. if you come tomorrow, we'll have to miss you! don't worry about knocking!
tweetioi in class is a real problem  =taylor=
hey hunnie  how are u?? i miss talkin to u! ty for the follow
i think i'm broke again.  :\
[URL] - the result of working the green/black fingers...
maaaaan! i spent an hour on a project for work, only to have the computer bork and crash and lost it all
has made a decision and will stick to it although i'm really not sure it's the right one
ahhhhh processing shipment  sooooooo much!!!!!
i can't find   hope he didn't get eaten by anything last night...he jumped off the deck   he just wont stay in safe *sigh*
my poor baby girl is poorly  x
whooo baby! good luck
_d aaaww!! that's so good to know, i'm glad james is doing great  we love you guys! kisses from venezuela!
does 'real detroit weekly' not have a website.....oh the horror, the horror
is going to be off line for the rest of the day. made some progress on a game over the weekend.  you may not like me again.
omgod i'm soooo tired    i don't think i have the energy to film today lol
is all mine  #twpp #shadez
writing an essay in college writing  so boring
just heard good vibrations and i thought of charlie dying on lost
i am surprised you haven't fired  for announcing the whole world of they body they'd found 'selfish'
haha! i see...  go, wear blue! ) heey, ur watching jonas! hahaha ) haven't watched any ep yet.. hope it shows here soon!:p
it'd be nice but soon we'll have to pay to tweet
how do you win the trip to america? please reply xo
hahaha! yes i am!  lil jon is the freakin jizzle! u know i named my 1st puppy after u? lil jizzle...remember? lol...xoxox
wonders why her karma points turned into 0.00.  [URL]
the sun is shining  have a great day
chaz's daily happenings: 22:31 watching e.r instead of a dvd. end of an era  # 11:09 the sun is out. wooo  #.. [URL]
hahaha, that's a cool pic that sal made of daniel and you. lol.
your sweetie is very lucky too!  #liberty
anyone have a super nintendo controller they want to sell me? mine broke.
go to mid valley la ****  haha! never mind la, i don't wanna go with you anyways
attempting to sleep. my puppy is sick already
i wanted to see that.  enjoy it!
hah.. finally got home...
is sick in the doctors waiting room
why did i drive and how did i make it? ahh margaritas are the best!!
omg wow  i hope everything is ok now
lazy day, staying off the foot as much as possible.
#thingsmummysaid  you are the result of a broken condom.
oh okay cool, i love the fast and the furious can't wait to see the new one
so yeah, things aren't going so well for me. i'm getting to feel like i haven't felt in a long, long time.
yes!! reprieve!! one paper pushed back until friday! that leaves just three more pages due by 4:00pm... not even a problem.
spending some quality time with my fender tele deluxe...true love
hmm icecream for breakfast  #springtime
wishing i could have seen my nephew graduate from kindergarten!
i (l u so much  see u at school todaay!
britain's got torture - edelcries...
its suzi
it's amazing the dvds i'll put on my netflix list just based on the trash potential inherent in their titles
_august84 - requoting the gyaan - the more you live life, the more you fail to notice how you live it - quote by muthu...
perkinz..  idk wat after dat tho. maybe sum ****. lol
you're silly.
it's 1:15 am, and i hear a helicopter flying over my house. that's kind of weird. in other news, my headache is back. booooo.
rofl u did?  hahaha! lemme tell salman munir =p =p
yea!! way to go! super excited for a great midwest resource!!! midwest pride!
hi .. i have the net yayy.. im here for a short time though
loving the sunshine! wish poor richie would feel better
and we're in
heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk..
hey, is your site down? i was going to listen to the web stream but can't get to the site...
my mind is racing ... b/c of 4 words he wrote.  i hate him, but i hate her most. ... and i can't keep from falling for him
i hope so ^^ eclipse is up and running again btw!  [URL]
uh, happy mother's day mum.
_bebop that's lame, sorry
morning  how are you?
_**** cheer up lizzi there will b another foh hero concert   but still i suppose we can b upset  xoxoxo
i'll most definitely write about it! i look forward to your article on re5 (if you do write about it) it should be fun.
hugs 4 kathy. though my mom's in heaven, i know she's smiling at my accomplishments & all the people who keep me positive.
oh noes i missed you again.
i don't have anything being fwd through to mobileme and the last week i've gotten at least 4 -5 spam messages a day
ive been spending time w/my momma! we're celebrating mother's day for her early  ive been good! how was woodburn?
heard that your dad would be going here in september. would you also come with him?
i heard it was disappointing, which i am disappointed by before i've even seen it.  what a waste of c. bale.
???!  #mandarinmonday
yeah, i thought that was very little warning for you guys.   i don't miss 12-9 shifts 6 days/wk with no break, that's for sure
right i now need breakfast. let's see if i can make it while tweeting ;-) what am i thinking, i'm a bloke, multitasking is out lol
i'll teleport it straight to you
59 may be my new fav number!!!
so i have done absolutely nothing all day today...how pitiful is that...smdh...guess i cant go out 2nite, i gotta work  booo
sad! casue everyone is going their seperate ways! never going to see my friends again!
cool np. it's got me working on a series of designs.
have to sell my car. it's costing me too much. can now afford one rollerskate. bye bye petey
do it at like like 9 causeee im babysitting haha or you should call me causeee im kinda bored right now
_jim i so much want to see the screen adaptation of kick ****, but once i found out nick cage was in it, my heart sank
oh it is so sunny.
oh noes.  hope you feel better soon. my head sympathizes with yours.
sunburn is really bad now. regretting sitting in the sun without suncream now
i feel like i'm on alott of drugs
hehe his name was jack dawson & he died on the titanic  u c that movie miley?im watching it rite now. amazing.tell leo i<3him!
oic, where in cavite? no sorry im not from america ... if you can see my profile, there's no word like america there
my throat hurts  gonna go read and go to bed. text mee!
watching old skool fall out boy vids
join the club.
$y_spitta was caught in traffic around the howlin wolf for about 30mins. i was wondering wth was going on.....musta been nice!
agreed...this time of the year we should change the motto to 'the soggy state'...my backyard looks like a swimming pool
ohhh, i really want to see coraline, it seems really good
why is it so **** cold ??!
fatty! omg i just found the worst **** out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.
if you weren't 'picky' (=precise) i might not find you as interesting to talk to
awee!
you will be succesful  love you!
yeaaaah tangerang in vacation
yah me too
i lost 15 dollars. i always lose my money
well, looks like it is going to be another night without my snuggle bug  missing my big girl.
but it is a good one
@_shannon1234 shannie im so sorry! didnt mean to upset you! i just thought you would find it cute  im sorry dont be sad!
totally the best part of my day was studying with   haha ok now i'm really leaving holly's and i'll be there shortly! peace!
going to clean my room but thats not hard. i keep my room pretty clean really....anyway, i could still be doing better things!!!!
got approximately 3 hours of sleep last night....i love my life
bad week for connectivity...arlington panera wifi sucks. maybe head to legal seafoods at airport. dang...missing metaverse u stream.
we have mice in our attic who clog dance
i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like   <3 but **** the money it costs d:
dude. same.  it hurts
wish i was in dallas.. can i still say ow!? lol hey... u spelled my name wrong  it's all good. thanks for #ff love
fall down
in study hall with brittneyy!!
_flo well thats not nice... hope ur all good now
i've been reading up on sims 3 genetics on the sims 2 forums. apparently hair dye is passed on to offspring. i'm very disappointed
don't know yet.. no word...   hopeful though!! and some good stuff happening lately so i'm getting excited!
[URL] - wow that is pretty  x
that's great! i was never so good at the jump roping...
the cast of true blood was there
morning you
new phone + zero contacts = poo. send me a message with your name so i can save your numbers thanks
working on something exciting... and i cannot tweet about it for several months
u were great, as always. but, can't we do an east germany on noko? or at least provoke them & then go in 4 the kill.
its a nice pair of shoes. i checked other nike shoes if its worth buying... it is
so my coworker/friend told me the manager who sent me home is afraid she's in trouble for sending me home haha. dumb ****
wat u doin my bad im mixin this song
can i help in any way?
signing out for the night - have a good sunday night all
i just got two tickets one for speeding and one for tinted windows
@ cleaning the house! going out at 3 to see a soccergame with friends
and thanks for the gorgeous flowers.
it's good to be home
ap: north korea could opt for devastating land assault... [URL] (via _report) scary talk to say the least.  mm
i need to go out of office again.. i am melting..
back home after a funeral for my wife's grandfather today.  now its time for homework
[URL] - new hair going to greeattt use!
test another update... sorry for bothering all of u guys
calling it a night .... talk to yall tomorrow
that sucks
happy mothers' day to my mom and all the mothers in the world
i want to join drama practice today but i can't
#3breakupwords you have changed
oh ok  well im sendin lots of love ****
nooooooooo....u never call me anymore  lol...but, i've been good too...rick ross is in town, might go 2 his show 2nite ;-)
i'll get my size 40's out now, straight to the post office  see you later, hun
did she tell you why she hasnt? i miss my boge.
_possa happy happy bday baby girl. love ya!!!! hope you get everything you want
haha i just realised it sounded a lot like stellllaaa lol. anyhoo i got ur facebook msg and will start working soon hopefully
ok      love you girls. but work beckons.  will come back later for #twpp
... sounds like jeff has the best job in the world!
just spent an hour trying to get the newborn bird in my front garden to fly. poor baby  no success!
someone doesn't feel good...
good morning people!!! have a great day
u can see i just twitted them if its the real xmsirius that is. let me know any other contact info. lets transmit this!
i wish i could twitter from the book expo but the reception at the javitz is horrible....
100,000 / 60 = 1667 words/day.  1667 / 10 = 167 words/hour.  167 / 60 = 2.8 words/minute.  no pressure.
in august with anberlin. they're not headlining though  and yes there is a perth show
got some new clothes  and series one of supernatural on dvd
shout out to nikki....pleassseee   (soulja boy tell 'em live live > [URL]
i love google's mothers day theme  [URL]
_tha lol  congrats!
makin tea an its stressin me out
woah that's cool  just landed in london about 2 and1/2 hours ago.i love the scenery, beautiful ,
thats terrible  i enjoy being with you every minute!
oh jealous. though you're missing the fried potato bread
how vile are people, they have to remove things that have a value
you should not be wasting the may bank holiday in the crappy north- you should be down south in brighton where the party's at
@ punkrockchick25 haha no i just saw a commercial for it. . you wouldnt kill me
guess i missed out on more than beer and a good time
watching my favorite tv shows on hulu.com for free
so full from a great lunch and now stuck in traffic
well, as i mother & grandma i am a bit in a kidding mode
very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better.
wants  to come back online so that he can talk about all the gossip and horrible things which transpired today.
but but it was funny when i wrote it
thanks. busy as **** is good in my book.
only 1 tweet in the last 24 hours?  nobody likes my tweetboard
thanks. appreciate it.
yay my ears match
she's the ruddy manageress - 2nd bad job from her. i can never find a good place beyond 1 or 2 cuts
wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow
laundry instead of sitting here. that darn laundry keeps mocking me.
unstable broadband and electricity taking toll on my mental stability.
grr @ naplan. just finished my commerce & geo exams  good luck (y)
nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in #delhi.
my tweetdeck won't pull up.
that little boy that drowned yesterday lived in our subdivision and went to nicoles school. so so sad.
an ultimatum is an ultimatum no matter how you dress it up.  and that sucks.
i know, don't tell anyone  i dont know if my dad told the famz yet. i think i'm taking it online.
oooh you just spoiled my teenage fantasy
it's been so nice all day, and now it looks like it's going to rain...just when i was getting excited about taking photos when i get home
yay! i just fixed my blog's css problem that messed up the design
ohh yeahh (: i'm probs gonna be a loner to start with, thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a ****
wondering why it's so cold - the skylight is open - i left the gas on this morning
new forum thread - first typhoon of the season: is *not* headed to okinawa.  made you look. .. [URL]
i'll be grand....
i love my mom tooo
i had the best day ever! i missed him. more tomorrow too
#thingsmummysaid you need to learn to wash dishes and do laundry because i won't always be here to do them for you. she was right
yea - it's mostly b/c i couldn't sleep, but oh well, lunch time will come soon
ahhh i'm drinking some too!! and bride wars is really good
im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
thanks, that was gonna be my next tweet...you the man  figuratively speaking
yeah, trimet says it's a 1hr trip, i get home at 6:30/6:45-ish, so we'd arrive just as everyone was leaving.
cottin with emilyyyyyyyy
_simple_girl  i have to miss the festivities this evening.  heading up the hill and won't have internet and no bb service.
i have popcorn and fruitcake now...but it's just not the same as chocolate
_g: i've been sneezing and felt like a train-wreck for the last two weeks myself. but it's not piggystuff.  so we're good then.
_wockeez i'm missin u guys by a day!! ill b there tomorrow  butttt see u june 18th with the blockkkkk!!!!
this is absurd ! i feel like a dipping in the pool real quick . its too bad i dont have a poool
going to get a pedicure and the to cpk for lunch
why did everyone seem to leave me this weekend  ....sigh. in bed
going into town later to get myself a birthday present.  an ipod touch will do nicely i think
i'm off to bed. head just won't stop giving me pain. ahgg.. let this sinus, allergy, whatever you are be over tomorrow! sogni d'oro
at the bus stop there's always a big pile of loogies. so. gross.
well keep me posted if it comes out fully thanks
happy star wars day
thanks all for coming out tonight, hope ya had fun!
i mean give. lol with a finger! then crash her car! lol jk. thats bad. just ignore her
things are looking better and better! i think i might be quite happy
had fun at the airshow with the boys today - exhausted
marley and me is the saddest movie ever i never cry in movies but this movie mad me cry
one of my cat's is sick
just left brooklyn going uptown for some latin coffee with a dollar sandwich, can't find that in downtown brooklyn, where brooklyn @
i can't find my camera
i think that i'm the only 1 on!!!
is feelin it
i'm the bird with broken wings, she's the song i love to sing  you know who you are ****
rofl. room is too small to dance
@_mmmichelle you're in france?!?! cheri!
that made me cry  poor hollie ****
ok, time to head into urban outfitters to see what catches my eye, then head home, since this rain is hindering any more pics for the day
really annoyed that work appear to have blocked facebook now...
mothers day
_ printchick thx for sharen luv it
delegate  i am now eating pate on toast a my wife is editing yesterday's engagement shoot ;)
ha! i think i really have lost it. time to get ready for work.
hell yea its hot here  i miss cali
yes! i done it! at last.  my homework is ready dx and i can go waaalkiiing because the sun is shining ^^ oh yeah.
you writing fanfic? me read!
i'm saving up for a three burner weber for next year
thanks mr. dj!
i hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time.
ohh sorry , thats someone else's pic  my bad
*hugs* oh gosh, i'm sorry
_ yeeeah :'d lmao, dentists aren't nice  espesh after they decide your too old for goodie bags with stickers & awesome toothpaste
why do we need to wait another year for toy story 3?!
hahah, did i hear mvp chants in atlanta's arena?  at least they get it right there, unlike at staples
haha well then maybe u shouldn't be so weak  hehe jks  ****
biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school
i killed my dill plant again. why does this happen with dill? it is doing great then suddenly it's dead. [URL]
#3wordsaftersex it hurts now
i can only imagine, but i know i love hearing about your novel!    i'm kinda awake, lol.  will continue to do so, hopefully.
gonna try to get a couple hours of sleep. love going to bed at 9 am. later twitter
[URL] - playing with ethan. i love you baby
how come? i want pizza
geez i'm hating bein at work till 10 on a day like this i feel like its a wasted lovley day
at every gas station, i look for postcards for   no luck.
ya i walked into the wall thats why i have a plaster on my neck
hey everyone! i just mixed the first single....!  'why r u' ...i'm sooo excited!
guys will go see constance 	 logically
did not sleep a wink last night  x
// i feel your pain. i once lived in an apt for 6 mos where the previous tenant had 4 cats. burning eyes/tight lungs =  gregg
ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!!
oh yes, the cavs win game5, now onto game6. it's still danger, they have to win this one either, it's no shot for the championship
happy anoop day to you too monica
just tried an energy drink to report back for you guys, and im sweating and have the worst cramps. i want to lie down
happy mothers may to my mak   love you always! xoxo.
i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you
is thinking about a career change
meh, i feel fine now, it was crazy 10 minute sickness session, but now i'm hungry again
what sun?
well....hopefully someday soon you can get one!
under sooooo much stress lately
me too. ****.
tuned to listen, but had a 1:30 meeting. now know that my high school/college french doesn't cut it anymore.
do you have a chronic illness blog? let me know, i'll post your link on my own  www.ptsici.blogspot.com
weekend is getting close. too bad i'll be stuck up north  hopefully i'll be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
jt should just be a regular on snl
#twappy [URL]
it's never too late - they just need to buck their ideas up and stop being such a bunch of stuffy old reactionaries!
not at all happy...dont know what the reason is
_fan76 rofl!  that's my problem, only two hands
no transport for church  wont be making it, im crushed. oh well, more time for assignments i suppose. my throat really hurts ...
what timeeee? my mom says i have to do something daw tomorrow, eh. but we're never compelte!
i've been sat sunbathing in the bombed out church all day and left and missed you
i know exactly where i should be
i've made a game for you, stephen- [URL] - well, actually it's for us, not you
thanks to follow. have a nice rest
sensation ocean of white portugal: absolutely amazing  adoreiii!
yeah i got ur text! well ive only been on summer break for a week, and so far its been boring... all i do is watch tennis matches
i've been nudged!!! not much going on lately umped games over the wknd and i took one to the pills
i just saw a bird slowly die right next to me
hahahaha where is that train? i want on! that should be a wild ride
love the family feud episode with the kardashians tonight
i'm coming up with a new plan with my bestie. oh this one is gonna be great.
hmmm. [URL] is down
lmao...ummmm nothing...
_90 haha agreed  lol
hello  i'm up late playing on the internet. i love you!
the music video i made for my  project for 'this city is contagious' by  is uploading to youtube now.
theyre sappin mah sentry! errr yea... i'm without power at home right now
crash in qmbol
perth australia
[URL] - the beach was phenomenal 2day
i forgot that was tonight! was planning on heading down to the cask, that might not be such a good idea
tired.....but can't go to bed yet.....
you're a night owl, too, huh?
haha no kidding... i listen to them all day long bud
going to group therapy session, can't wait to spill my guts... ha ha ha
eat it, it's good for you
happy mothers day  esp to my mommy
what phone do you have -- an old rotary?
i had to look at it 3 times before it sunk in, totally shocked by it  tbh.
im in schaumburg rite now ... and u want ice cream lol its type chilly outside lol i got ice cream here
i'm done.haha. house md marathon ulet
omginorite! i'd be all fancy and tophatted all the time, it's really too bad i can't grow a handlebar moustache..
got ya - that wouldn't be so bad tho right?
just finish clean up my computer/guest room's cupboard! my stuffs
just watched slumdog millionaire  its soo goood i love it :] but its sad!
i feel for you, that sounds like how kiya was last night  all i can say is get comfy on the couch and enjoy the cuddles!
.. eh .. have u never heard of belfast..? where like everyone loves you!?!
wow its only 9:30
yes.  me too. i can't understand why they have to do that. i mean, i know it's all about hollywood, but this thing is called love.
i hve a blister on my pinky nd it hurts soooo much!
watching what happens in vegas!
oh happy day!!! nice weather, smiling, happy baby and icecream later
headed to the beach with puppy maverick hugs and much aloha
i want to borrow an mx5 this weekend
lol! i had a peek at [URL] it's coming along nicely  i totally understand about leaving the set quiet too.
_uk  o2 - train from bristol to london. it's terrible - and no wifi
everything is spinning
_serafina85 its headed this way
the ds version sucks
on my way to school not feeln this rainy day at all.... but i had lots of fun this weekend  ....
congratulations i am heart hacker not a computer hacker@
i am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's
i still have an hour.
oh dear... that's just... disturbing.   the coffee connoisseur in me just died a little.
ouch, give me a heads up so i'll know when to duck
the problem is, superstars always deliver huge files! too much energy pixels
i just realised how much i love sundays
wish my headache/almost migraine would go away!
hairspray in hair + lighter&bong = new haircut
listening to jesse's music  & on myspace. also getting the hang of twiiter. i feel that i need more followers.  don't be shy!
ahhh!  ok, remember the film now.  never saw it though, will have to check it out. thanks
_traveler i want the tix!  oh, right.  i'm know where near vacaville ca.
a guy called me ad-hd kid earlier today, and that hurts
im surfin..
meebo.com is a free thing & it doesn't effect the comp that's what i use .
insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
happy mothers day mamma
_1 welcome to the twitter world andrew! tell david to have a twitter too haha just kiddin' i know he doesn't want to have one.. booo..
just decorated moms room while she was asleep for mothers day  she'll wake up to a banner and balloons! woo!
jealous i wanted see that film
_hk very funny
and its amazing  x
my 100th post- dedicated to sarah,sunny weather,and my love for that snakes on a plane (bring it) song that should have died already.
chatting with matt from mercy mercedes lol.
i'm at work and i'm still sick and i'm really pissed off about sunday!!!
they do indeed  glad to hear everything is good with you. i'm great  life is good
scramming a little early. nibs sounds pathetic.
i wash my dishes like a boss!! lol
i wish i was out of school...but sadly, i still have like another month left.
make me one! i'm still craving shrimp
if it's any consolation i've had to abandon the back garden thanks to my super-reflective laptop screen
is so sorry for letting her down
are you serious!? that bloooooows
me. you. counting crows! table mountain casino event center (near fresno). july 19. are we there or are we there??
dw, that was funny
so happy you came and said hi! twas very nice to meet you indeed  thanks so much for coming over and talking to me
aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network
study all day.  just finished my care plan.  hungry as hell!  ima go treat myself with a burrito, for a good days work
ur mom just called. guess not. c u @ 5
i definitely feel sorry for jamie stewart... amsterdam audience can really suck (www.xiuxiu.org and read his post of may 27th  )
i'm not feeling twitter at the moment
does not feel like babysitting. i want to go to the gym. weird, i know. i miss zack
_7 wow that's a big list...lol. i would be happy if i got half of that done. now i feel lazy...thanks. just kidding
i hate when you cant sleep
edgefest!  or maybe  since you're driving...
here's some healing/sleep energy, sweetie!
that's alright. add your egg and maybe some sort of leftover meat and it's not so bad <3
sorry bro  that's rough.
excellent then chiang mai is definitely a possible next vacation stop! thanks for the info.
grr. we are only allowed gas grills where i live, it sucks.
oh no....sorry to hear that ....
that's love.
its definitely coming, hope ur ready!
i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
sad that david is leaving tomoro. for a week.
a pleasure bojan
decaf isn't cutting it right now.  ? [URL]
that sounds good, too!
_xo today yeah
it would be that dover race that they played on classic.
humidity is not my friend! just ask my hair
i'm going to vegas this summer
_advisor haha i'm just going to turn off these things...but then i can't tweet from my phone  stupid spammers!
kicking like crazy.
[URL] - poor thing
home, don't feel like going to work tomorrow
day is going well so far. meeting until 4 though.
thank u sweetie! can't wait to set sail with u next week
listening 'hallelujah' on youtube. leonard cohen wins.  #xfactor
the weather is good mmm what to do today??? shame working tomorrow
watching friends reduces stress inside me. thanks to bright, kauffman, and crane who are created these series  love love love
finished work @ midday, had kiddie dinner ... now have no get-up & go ... ah well it's bank holiday!   #fb
tmeme> my besties. if only  was there.  on twitpic: [URL] - my besties. if.. [URL]
hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  that'll teach me!
my sister is having a stupid party && i wanna hang out with my friends, but hilly won't txt me back...
hoping that one day i will be able to go on dates with my 26 year old boyfriend without his parents...
but why do i have to spend it in the office
fort greene brooklyn flea was lovely! - looking forward to next weekend already
i can't, i have an exam on wednesday
today was my first day
need to get an adjustment, neck is all out of whack
omg cliff richard songs in my mind? just why  lol
wolfram's got a chinese room problem: if chinese (or bangalorean) hackers can run it without knowing english, why should it?
i've not had a reply on my topic yet  lolz welll its not somethin you could reply too but yanno ;)
woo hoo.  sun outside might be able to get some sunset shots tonight...  fingers crossed!!!!
****'m transtelecom
you're a good friend dave.. we can wait!! hope we dont have to wait too long though
last time we'll get tacos like this.
have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn!
where?  u magazine?
haha lol  no one is effing cool as you, you got the wu-tang and p.e. t-shirts! you are gorgeous + represent at the same time
great! i'm glad you enjoy them  i hope you have a great day
hmmm... he's so lovely. i wish he was here now. i'm tired but can't sleep
they lost me at us ending. ;) i, mean, i don't eat #greypoupon or anything, but i prefer the bleaker original.
good morning! got to be afternoon in germany
getting stressed over a sortie tomorrow. and like i am really really stress..
bread in the oven, room cleaned... almost done with the things on the list for today
_stathamfans1  you sure are dedicated...gotta love that!!!  have a great & productive day
stuck here  ~*lady*~
stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer d:
leme put this bottle of ciroc in ya..baby i can make you popular!!
live chat soooon most likely.
eating some breakfast at panera bread. boring cloudy weather, lil drizzle
_kikireestl nooo. you were on my yahoo account. hmm. i wanna say b2k days. idk fo'sho
it's not a reg gig yet, but hopefully it will be! haven't done massage in a while actually
about 60 again todayy yayy!!!
there is a macbook pro sitting close by and my poor macbook is ashamed with it's plastic face and sides...
in school w. linda doing nothing  ;i miss you
its weird being at the guy's house without them here. i don't like it
bit disappointed with the killers on jonathan ross  he's sexy as hell though
i didn't even get a chance to shop @ aldi!
_nz busy,fun mother's day thanks  got what i wanted...a wii fit!!! yay
i forgot, happy mom's day.
in a really good mood for absolutely no reason  tee her
hmm i guess where the world is headed 2day....lets make predictions
so far i've tried to kill myself twice in the 15 mins i've been outside by tripping on stupid things.  i knew i should've stayed in bed.
loong day. in bed cuddling with papabear and watching south park. yay my bday bbq tomorrow! can't wait
my baby shut me down
i can still read 'em...
ah midday - great time for breakfast
wish i could go. gotta work.
spent the last 2 years largely ambivalent about s/w dev practices. can feel care factor returning. look out!
i'm back from my first 5k running race   and still alive!
curses upon the ridiculously slow internetz at work!  the dang image just now loaded...
okay, so the only reason i'm not buying this app is because i hate ea and all that it stands for. simcity rocks though.  [URL]
have fun
at the wedding reception. having more fun than i thought
just noticed the new sidebar on twitter.com, looks nice
i'll put your name on the list
good morning my fellow tweeters
you know i love you.
i'm feeling higher than mt everest
everyone is working tonight! i'm bored
if you had owned an *actual* cellphone, that would have been video, and called a 'qik'
oh joy its gong to be a long weekebd... yipee :*â¡
1:30am goin to sleeeeep
report your findings to me
hey!  it's easy...just type what you're doing!  just like facebook, but much simpler.  have a good day!
wondering how come mcdonalds take so long to deliver my food.
lmao...thats sad, kinda discourages me 4rom goin if the **** wack
yup, but what they going do??? he's the mother effin champion!!!! lol
3oh!3 on the radio  they were amazing yesterday.
im mad cuz i cant get any picture to work.
this is the worst
my shoes hurt my feet
and i had our first fight
back to work!
it's a beautiful nice day and i'm stuck inside!
you disappointed me
aarg, looks like i have to go home to vegas this weekend. so much for maker faire
fawxing crayons
i'm so sorry to hear that you're in the hospital.  hope you'll be better soon.
a salt pig thing coz she broke her other one! lol  do you guys even no wat a salt pig is?
omg beckky i love you! you should've won the 250g's  i was rootin for you.. hows things going?
my birthday is now over.
thanks anyway
browsin thru the videos in my multiply and i saw the video u sang with my bf. i miss you, n. we all miss you. pls come back wherever u r.
i ate so much
i always have 2 do xtra cleaning b4 leaving... so now were on da road  on 2 springhill suites, then cafe 360, yum!
i was think of something with a better view, but i am on a tight budget.
aww that sounds sad
car shopping with kacy yay
working the graveyard shift!
my dad and i totally just rocked out to the offspring-pretty fly for a white guy. haha.
yup  on to mother's day. any plans for your birthday?
arg exile still has that problem with alt-tabbing
_**** r.i.p curls
a pretty black top with flowers in pink hues
can you get catacombs ffrom the cinemas? i tried to get it from my local one a little while ago and theyh didn't have it.
dr hook  awesome
you are quite welcome mr. poole.
[URL] - today's xkcd  looking forward to daily updates this week!
i know! i miss her...
it's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! well, for a little while. now it's super cloudy!
my younger sister flies in next week for a two week visit. so blessed to look forward to seeing family members visit.
i have the biggest headache ever. my photosensitivity is getting out of control!! help.
what up? why no tweets. are you also filming in a place w/ no signal?  .hmmm.
yeah whatever...in your twisted mind maybe! ;) lol  ... oh wait that's mine too!!
you can see the coffee table again!! ...so when r u cominging  over 2 insult me into cleaning the rest of the house?
mine too
i'm mo nudge you again, better watch out!
how come its so hard to find a guy with the same passion for love as for a woman?? am i ever going to see the day! im lonely yall!
urghhhhhhhhhh your makeing me cry
absolutely tru...the horror of it still washes ovr me sometimes if i think  abt the actual last days, but the gd memories go on
_marie:my heart goes out to you
_inc sounds good. i still like fridays although it means for me that i have to go to work tomarrow
awww! you like anne curtis too tho rite?? it's her soap thats gonna replace it!
now have windows 7 up and running....very very happy  it's got sum wicked new features [URL]
look up our youtube jessandnicolemusic, we are new, leave comments and subscribe  thankyou x
i need a break! i need kitkat! haha!
oh that totally works too
psa::::: being that i've been usuing twiddict- my last 14 tweets have yet to show on the bored. bare w me.
did a historical jesus ever exist? im finding it hard to prove, its all hearsay accounts ... it bugs me ...
don't you need a server and someone who knows how to program to use wordpress? love to but my knowledge is limited right now
so did you watch?  i'd forgottenmost of it, enjoyed re-seeing it, but paying for it today, my face doesnt bounce back anymore
excited about this week! trying to have a productive monday. trying. hard.
you are sooo lucky. my fiance is away w/the marine corps...haven't even seen him yet!
[sarah mcglaclan song in background] please donate to jpnnbak' fund of 'dinero for the cable bill' think of how you will make her
omg, did anyone see the wee girl on bgt..!**** sucha shame
gday... do you know if nhibernate has issues with com interop (vb6 <-> .net wrapper <-> .net+nhibernate dll)? i'm getting crazy
hello..aint been tweetin all day cuz i had 2 switch things over 2 da new place. (exhausted and sick)
_g1986 a price drop would be nice  i want another one for a backup/blu-ray player.
i'm up wit cha!! just got home from da reggae club, wishin i was sexin somebody!!!
i like how the binary code under your name says zirconcode as well. xd it's looking very nice. better than before.
i can't get in, i'm in a waiting room
lol! glad you like it!
i didnt save those links! i dont need distractions.. i just need motivation
ugh our two week push to produce a six pack has produced nothing but pain!
can sum1 tells me how 2 vote 4 miley? it seems sum peeple r still voting i went 2 mtv.com nd it seems i cant vote
.. thanks dear.. wish you the best too
i said hi to u
omg - madness just came on the radio
_mommy oh  well i hope she gets better
[URL] - snood
maybe going to see the hannah montana movie todaaaay  i've seen it one time before, but can't wait to see it again!!
managed to find a bottle of pimm's! if only we had the weather to go with it
_its_sarah congrats sarah!!!!! thats awsum
really bored today. just ate a bowl ful of rasberries and grapes, now i'm waiting for my dinner
my it teacher made the lamest joke today about darth vaders birthday cuz it was may 4th. lol i love it. happy star wars day everyone!  !!!
oh it was marathon ****? mahasha
yes sir i sure did.
very very very very cool.  [URL] more details? how it was made? please tell
that's the one. i wish i have a video compilation of 's thrusting
congrats to howie! i hope you bring little james to germany soon  wish you all the best for your family!
have fun!  i am sad to not be with you guys
my guinea pig died today
have a huge block of snack chocolate here. tis calling my name already
my room is too hot to sleep in.
possibly, yes.
_ellen and she's 9.5 and a rescue.. bad hips.    she deserves pampering!  she's full of life though!!
will play quake3 in 3min
hope it went well! was rooting for you both from the (not so) comfort(able world) of phd application form-filling-in  ****
go on msn. i need to talk to you about something that happened today
it's just a click without subscription needed  vote for my tweet on [URL] (in today best list)
goodnight tweeps.
aww, we will miss you.  at least you get to go home right?
what are those barrels made of? hey pass that barrel
thanks for adding me
can't wait to watch the next season of heroes
bored, making a mothers day card
'sometime around midnight' by the airborne toxic event, literally cannot escape it. fml
i think max (my cat) may really be gone
'm working on a logo on photoshop & it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah..
i have a bird living with me.  so i have to find other ways to kill these **** things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks
oowww...why do wisdom teeth hurt so much
airsoft is so much fun! i play with my brothers and it's a great bonding experience.
you know who helps me almost everyday?
just saw half the rro staff walk by...sadly i didn't see  or
totally agree, she wasn't even as good as the judges said wither! just said it to make her feel better
wants to listen to musiq soulchild, but it is not on the ipod
didn't meet rosie o donnell but it was still a fun night
that's me right now, all i can do is stare at everyone else working on thier laptops
they have nice cakes  why can't i like them? haha and you should! that's sooo gayy though
it was sunny when i entered the sub-basement.  now it's raining.
orange vitamin water 10 is my new addiction  u should try it.
yay thanku! *hugs*
so what was said??  i'm so bummed i missed it!.  *sigh* i want to go to california
ï¿½ï¿½we are ready for the new generation!!...oh yeah...we are a backstreet fans and we are proud about it!!
.. so i can only recover 10 photos
'we never want to lose the fans that got us here!' thank you for saying that  wish you and the others a nice day, greets
chillin bored drinking a margarita. txt me
the killers are coming to td banknorth in boston on 9/4 at 7:30pm. and, i can't go.   everyone else should go though! tickets on sale sat.
in my moms hair salon, dying my hair
good morning, to all the mommies happy mothers day.  now i am off the pull the cats tail.  i know she likes it
that's not good
thanks! i love it they have a video, so you don't need to download if they don't offer everything you want  will try!
i just noticed that  they are so ridiculous
im riding the highs and lows of moods now.... chores blow
i hate it when a website says the ticket prices are on another website and their not
on a 10min brake. at wrrkk ... its 11:06 and its over at. 11:16
ok outta all 981 of my followers, only about 10 of u ive talked to lol dont be shy i dont biteeee
yes you are, thanks  haha you do? field of flowers don't exist in singapore, well not ones that you can frolick in:s
where'd the songs go on the site, i want 'do you' on this computer too
munchin bacon butties! woohoo!!  my faves!!!
no school today, teacher cancelled the lesson  chillin'
my eyes are starting to hurt. so late. but must reach 200 updates due to tweets sent to youuuu! philippines tour, pleeease?
my hair dresser passed away yesterday from breast cancer  she was the greatest hair dresser i'd ever been to!
i was supposed to go tomorrow tooooo, but have to use gas and ticket money to pay for car inspection fee.
the best thing i have ever done is carry and birth a child
..my mother just won the city of terrell, texas district 2 'city council' seat  ..i'm m.i.a lol happy mothers day
friday evening......what to do, what to do.  i have to idea.
its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep  but i try it
all alone in this old house again.  thanks for the net which keeps me alive and kicking! whoever invented the net, i wanna kiss your hair!
i know what you mean. my little dog is sinking into depression... he wants to move someplace tropical
_sutra what is your next youtube video gonna be about? i love your videos!
[URL] - omgssh  ang cute ng bby.!
neutral
negative
positive
